she , seizing the count ’ s hand and raising it to her lips ; “ oh , thank you , thank you , edmond ! ? ” saying that the noise fatigued him , and that he should pass the next day in writing and looking over his journal . and had there concluded a treaty with both houses . , he called his valet . anne of austria , tired of these vague attacks , “ but , sire , you do not tell me all that you have in your heart . you must have observed , to obey an <unk> you did not , i am sure , come from portsmouth hither without endeavoring to make him speak . or three <unk> worthy of	52.05099868774414
<unk> or <unk> . ” conspirators . ” then—— ” the races , baron ? ” inquired the countess eagerly . , ” he exclaimed in a low voice , “ i unite with m. morrel in demanding justice for crime ; my blood <unk> at the idea of having encouraged a murderer by my cowardly concession . ” sprang forward at the same instant , the one to recover , the other to obtain , the sword ; but d ’ artagnan , being the more active , reached it first and placed his foot upon it . ” athos fell in with two gentlemen whom he did not know , on horseback like himself , followed by a lackey like himself , and going in the	62.77071762084961
same direction that he was . debray has just seen you at my house ? ” the ground and resumed his labor . , athos . ” and as the last of them passed close to him he pressed the hand of athos . as did their servants . in despair , die and be damned ! ” and drawing a poniard from beneath his robe he thrust it into the breast of the wounded man , saying , “ here is my absolution ! ” i command you . ’ ” said porthos , “ but i should like to understand . ” , ” replied the count “ that i gave him the same advice . , and the foliage in the garden assumed a deeper	40.76532745361328
hue . over several leaves of his bible and read with a loud voice this verse in <unk> : have heard monsieur de tréville speak to us a little <unk> today that other people are to treat us as he speaks to us ? , rarely granted so abundantly , this has been your <unk> have given yourself up to <unk> and drunkenness , and in a fit of intoxication have ruined your best friend . ” so ; he must live . ” , cocking his carbine as he went , and in a moment reached the summit of a hill opposite to that on which he had perceived the traveller . your word that you will not see anyone between monsieur de la trémouille and myself	72.38900756835938
? ” , ” replied aramis . by this delay , and you are now about to hear it . which makes you look upon everything in that light . ” century chapter xi . which meant that he knew no more than aramis about it . to visit another , or a musketeer of my company to <unk> with a guard of dessessart ’ s company ? ” again ; ” and he read the paragraph for the third time , laying a stress on each word as he proceeded . stayed andrea here ; it was that he might form some resolution , adopt some plan . she had loved so much was in great danger , the queen , when his death was announced to	71.08856964111328
her , would not believe the fact , and even imprudently exclaimed , “ it is false ; he has just written to me ! ” these fourteen years . ” two friends found a letter from athos , who desired them to meet him at the grand charlemagne on the following day . and although unknown to the rest of the world , i felt it live and <unk> at the bottom of my heart . ; aramis instantly seized and read it . the rooms in his tower , ” said the curate . affect the son . ” ” said franz , “ leave all to our host ; he has already proved himself full of resources ; let us dine quietly , and afterwards	46.9902458190918
go and see _l ’ <unk> à <unk> ! _ his real name ( as was the case with those of his two comrades ) , his life was very easily known . who were on their way to join the army and the name of one of whom i heard his companion <unk> viscount de bragelonne . ” , and i won ’ t have him <unk> . ” morning . ” give up hunting , as i have given up hawking . good french , my lord , take care of your accent ; they killed six thousand <unk> in sicily because they pronounced italian badly . , <unk> , those three celebrated <unk> . of my rebellious subjects . devour , without being visibly inconvenienced	98.92813873291016
, vegetable substances which would infallibly have killed a neapolitan or an arab . ” . this place , at the inn of the red dovecot . ” to the end of the world , athos , if she recognizes you . the chief , turning towards the young men , “ perhaps the offer may not appear very tempting to you ; but if you should ever feel inclined to pay me a second visit , wherever i may be , you shall be welcome . ” words by the gift of two gold pieces , which produced a torrent of thanks and blessings from the concierge . the two gendarmes . comb . ” ” she ? ” they had fallen at rocroy or at <unk>	60.965152740478516
. questions about the king ’ s capture , and athos gave details so precise and positive that if the <unk> had any suspicions they vanished completely . faithful wife . ’ ” it is not , ” said planchet . . ” them to me . ” be assured , that should any favorable opportunity present itself , i will not fail to offer you the choice of being present . ” to see you . ” said the host ; “ she is still in her chamber . ” ” replied maximilian ; “ but i fear you will deem it even more absurd than the first . ” young general , already made so famous by the battles of rocroy , fribourg , and nordlingen	45.94104766845703
. ; the spring has been warm this year , and strawberries require heat , sir . ” continued morrel , “ you named the fifth of october as the end of the period of waiting , <unk> is the fifth of october , ” he took out his watch , “ it is now nine o ’ clock , —i have yet three hours to live . ” m. de tréville announced that it was time to go to the louvre ; but as the hour of audience granted by his majesty was past , instead of claiming the <unk> by the back stairs , he placed himself with the four young men in the antechamber . said m. d ’ artagnan . france i must suggest	58.98847198486328
some such convenient course to cardinal mazarin and the coadjutor . have as a precaution shut up at rueil , near me , under my own eyes , within reach of my hand , the two most intractable ones . ” with me ? ” he said ; “ i shall pass by blois . ” will tell you , madame , what i dare not trust to pen and paper and the risks of transit . hopes but for fools , monsieur , and you are a man of understanding . which i discovered in the pocket-book of the messenger . had a hat , ” said d ’ artagnan . friend , win it—it is at the point of your sword . ? ” all been	63.891056060791016
performed at the door , and there was no address given , the party all separated ; château-renaud , albert , and morrel , went one way , and debray and beauchamp the other . ’ artagnan and porthos has not appeared . matter , which bids fair to make work for the executioner . ” praising them too highly , he replied : “ they ? there one ? ” said athos , “ —she is my wife ! ” a fish day , and they had nothing but meat . ” ; with black eyes , black hair , black eyebrows . ” ’ s exactly like me ! and then descended the stairs . ; instead of <unk> about the torments of hell i talk	71.41043853759766
of the joys of paradise . said the latter ; “ prince cavalcanti , where are you ? ” where he is , ” said d ’ artagnan . ” he repeated ; “ ‘ delirium , ’ do you say ? will do nothing of the kind ; the moment they come from government you would find them execrable . look ? ” asked porthos , who , perceiving that d ’ artagnan had allowed the conversation to drop , profited by it to put in a word or two . i get out of prison ! ” go with me , ” added d ’ artagnan , “ and i will see that you are made a duke ! ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “	30.443849563598633
i must , however , first frankly tell you that you must change your mode of life . ” monster <unk> or shepherds of the <unk> , and we shall have complete success . ” our men . ” , however certain success might <unk> to the precautions taken , and above all to the dyke , which prevented the entrance of any vessel into the besieged <unk> <unk> might last a long time yet . my lord ! . , monsieur , ” said the count of morcerf , saluting monte cristo with a smile , “ and monsieur has rendered our house , in preserving its only heir , a service which <unk> him our eternal gratitude . ” mme . fellow , edmond . ”	67.26154327392578
; i see it . ” said mazarin . you not , that to have acted as i have done , to have broken that glass , to have <unk> on the solitude of a <unk> can understand that , to have done all this , i must have been actuated by real uneasiness , or rather by a terrible conviction . ” and manifest to me , and i reproached myself with what had happened , as though i myself had done the guilty deed . of the trees , upon whose leaves the light still shone ; and as one of them drooped over the road , he thought that from its branches he might get a glimpse of the interior of the pavilion . expect	59.33068084716797
a higher rank , and who knows what might have happened had the elder branch remained on the throne ? i must tell you , she lowered herself by marrying me , for she belongs to one of the most ancient families in france . country toward the road to paris , followed by mousqueton , who , after being too cold all night , at the end of a quarter of an hour found himself too warm . left . , and speaking candidly , ours hangs by a thread . ” faria , “ we are prisoners ; but i forget this sometimes , and there are even moments when my mental vision transports me beyond these walls , and i fancy myself at liberty .	87.07378387451172
” contents of a ring which she opened with singular quickness . and the best proof of it is , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that he has dispatched us to meet the duc de vendome , his father , who is coming in his turn . ” for a reply to his remark and said nothing . dantès , if you had command of the _pharaon_ should you be glad to see danglars remain ? ” be gone , too . , and there is nothing more to detain us now but the good pleasure of the great man to whom we were sent . ” ” said the queen . given to himself . ” be at noisy , or be coming there this	37.24827575683594
evening , ’ said the other ; and that applies very well to you . ” was how to change this probability into a certainty . felton , “ he—again <unk> he ? so without questioning her lover as to where he was conducting her , for he appeared to her at this moment as handsome , proud , and powerful as a god . effect that he who wrote them could expect , in that they induced a great number of the inhabitants to open private negotiations with the royal army . anxiety of these two friends would be impossible . said , “ at your advice i have made the trial . ” my child , ” cried the marquis , “ that m. de villefort	73.72662353515625
may prove the moral and political physician of this province ; if so , he will have achieved a noble work . ” money exists . do not go out alone ; when you eat , use every precaution . leave us ? ” cried renée , unable to hide her emotion at this unexpected announcement . folded , apparently as calm as any man could be in such circumstances . of buckingham , named montague , was taken , and proof was obtained of a league between the german empire , spain , england , and lorraine . , very well , ” said he ; “ but , _pardieu_ , if you don ’ t calm yourself , i will design a second _fleur-de-lis_ upon one	78.09707641601562
of those pretty cheeks ! ” , and the middle one was used as a door . porthos wanted to <unk> out his names , mousqueton to cut his short . , since i have found this brave man again in so miraculous a manner . the usurper left elba on the 26th february , and landed on the 1st of march . ” behind the jeweller . ” ? ” rita , telling her she was saved , and bidding her write to her father , to inform him what had occurred , and that her ransom was fixed at three hundred piastres . held the lives of five men in his hands . rendezvous ; teresa gave him <unk> , instead of teresa , it was	85.36853790283203
beppo who was on the steps of the church of san giacomo . ” all do not retreat in aversion at sight of that flat , receding , <unk> forehead , round , <unk> head , and <unk> nose , like the <unk> of a <unk> ? the englishman with a laugh , “ does not do things in that way . ” an <unk> had so terrible an eye flashed before his <unk> had the genius of terror he had so often seen , either on the battle-field or in the murderous nights of algeria , shaken around him more dreadful fire . not only three friends , i had thirty ; at two-and-twenty one calls every man one ’ s friend . ” that in this	88.70288848876953
direction he would gain intelligence of the fugitive . ” said he , “ i should lose her , and by my own <unk> ” he dwelt on this idea for a moment , then it appeared reality . to de winter were waiting for him at the door ; he proceeded toward his abode very thoughtfully , looking behind him from time to him to contemplate the dark and silent <unk> of the louvre . that disturbed you , madame , ” said villefort . me the happiest of men ! ” continued louvieres , “ and act in a straightforward manner . , watched over the barricades with menacing looks ; words of command , patrols , arrests , executions , even , were encountered at	69.00750732421875
every step . the study and had disappeared before he had recovered from the painful and profound reverie into which his thwarted vengeance had plunged him . leave the matter to me , ” returned signor pastrini in a tone indicative of unbounded <unk> . cried d ’ artagnan , becoming more pale than the white veil of his mistress . laugh last ! ’ ” , monsieur ? ” said planchet . and waited . ” dispatch at the place where he had been interrupted . please . the good fortune that has befallen you . ” a corner of the carriage , he continued to ponder over the singular history he had so lately listened to , and to ask himself an interminable number of questions	52.74662780761719
touching its various circumstances without , however , arriving at a satisfactory reply to any of them . without ? lawn i stopped to light it , then i continued my path . think we are in bad company . ” part . ” only to natural scruples under similar circumstances . ” monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” continued his eminence ; “ you are prudent , which is still better . your theatres , by what at least i could judge by reading the pieces they play , they see persons swallow the contents of a phial , or suck the button of a ring , and fall dead instantly . to the reparation he may require ? ” . conti , the duc de longueville	107.89273834228516
, the duc de beaufort , the duc de bouillon , the marechal de la <unk> , the marquis de <unk> , and i don ’ t know who , for my part . ” porthos ; “ she has ordered relays of horses . ” tasted my life , you would not desire any other , and would never return to the world unless you had some great project to accomplish there . ” good what he lacked in perfect comprehension of the language . talk to her , she so delights in your conversation . ” ascertained that the piece of ground on which i stand was to let , i made application for it , was readily accepted by the proprietor , and am now	59.78421401977539
master of this fine crop of lucern . caderousse , “ why don ’ t you come ? continued the king , with some <unk> ; “ the police think that they have disposed of the whole matter when they say , ‘ a murder has been committed , ’ and especially so when they can add , ‘ and we are on the track of the guilty persons . ’ ” ” interrupted valentine , “ consider <unk> recent death . is quite fair , and that <unk> so much red , you ought to reap a little blue . ” ” the same smile returned . quite lost our dear eugénie ; for i doubt whether her pride will ever allow her to return to france	78.69383239746094
. ” d ’ artagnan . that he would get nothing out of this man , who was evidently telling a falsehood in his pretended ignorance of the abode of aramis , but whose lies were bold and decided . in truth , at that epoch , four devoted hearts , four loyal spirits , four faithful swords , who saved more than my <unk> <unk> ” aramis ’ s two wrists , who struggled in vain to release himself from this formidable grasp . the young girl . said aramis ; “ i shall return immediately . ” in vain on the satirical face of the gascon and the <unk> countenance of porthos . ” d ’ artagnan replied . do ? ” shoulders . gondy ,	55.44795227050781
laughing ; “ i was not aware my alms were so well invested . ” morrel . ’ artagnan ’ s trick , they neglected to reload their guns . to the cause ? the ground and groaned . to the académie a greek princess of my acquaintance who has never seen your grand opera , and who relies on me to conduct her thither . ” ; his visage , marked with brutal cruelty , did not indicate age ; he might be thirty . asked the gascon . his quickness and intelligence , made him a present of pens , paper , and a <unk> . asked mazarin . they are fighting in england , ” added she , with a melancholy smile , “ and	54.81570816040039
that in a short time they will fight in a much more decided fashion than they have done hitherto . ” was : , but find me a better one or give me the means of living . ” d ’ avrigny approached nearer , and noirtier said “ yes ” with his eyes . go far to efface the recollection of his father ’ s conduct , ” added the incorrigible marquise . my honor , and consequently my life . ” he longed to break through the wall of glass which separated him from his enemy ; for if comminges had seen with what an expression of hatred the eyes of this young man were fixed upon de winter , he would not have doubted for	84.7252426147461
an instant that the englishman was his eternal foe . surely , valentine , you are mistaken ? ” ” ” answered mousqueton ; “ but permit me to say i see nothing laughable in it . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ and do you <unk> ” of that ? ” her gave to her life the appearance of those clouds which float in the heavens , reflecting sometimes azure , sometimes fire , sometimes the opaque blackness of the tempest , and which leave no traces upon the earth behind them but devastation and death . , but that is seven or eight years ago , and i have forgotten them . ” is to say , morrel went to the <unk> , château-renaud to	53.51258087158203
the pont de la <unk> , and debray to the quai . tell me all <unk> ? ” inquired the brigand chief , turning towards his men , who all retreated before his look . anyone . therefore , to say that d ’ artagnan dared not join in the conversation , only he looked with all his eyes and listened with all his ears , stretching his five senses so as to lose nothing ; and despite his confidence on the paternal <unk> , he felt himself carried by his tastes and led by his instincts to praise rather than to blame the unheard-of things which were taking place . nothing to fear , that i should neither be seen nor heard , so i decided upon	80.00179290771484
descending to the garden . brought this rabble to reason . ” madame ! ” continued the abbé , “ who had been his companion in misfortune , but had been released from prison during the second restoration , was possessed of a diamond of immense value ; this jewel he bestowed on dantès upon himself quitting the prison , as a mark of his gratitude for the kindness and brotherly care with which dantès had nursed him in a severe illness he underwent during his confinement . watched them , and profiting by the moment when her lover had left her alone , had carried her off , and believed he at length had her in his power , when the ball , directed by the unerring	93.99320220947266
skill of the young herdsman , had pierced his heart . of la samaritaine struck six ; the four friends pleaded an engagement , and took leave of m. de tréville . ’ avrigny struck his forehead with his hand . , ” said the puritan . the count ; “ but did you think there was anything particular in his look ? ” said aramis , “ it is an absolution according to rule . ” ll come round , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ that ’ s not bad ! ” , whilst d ’ artagnan was quite disposed to adopt a subtle course against the cunning of aramis or the vanity of porthos , he was ashamed to <unk> with athos , <unk>	46.51958084106445
, open athos . a man i don ’ t know , although he seems to be coming here . he said , with his cunning smile , “ to prevent them from being ungrateful to me . ” ” he said , as if awaking from a dream . tell me at least , was struck with a master ’ s hand . ” sent ? ” asked monte cristo , seeing morrel return . said he , smiling , “ pardon me my dear compatriot , but i had wholly forgotten you . replied gaetano . continued villefort . your politeness , sir , are the guarantees of that . ” we have seen , watched for valentine , and informed her of her grandfather ’	36.27644729614258
s wish . were no sentinel ! ” , my god ! ” cried milady ; “ when i supplicate thee to pour upon this man the chastisement which is his due , thou knowest it is not my own vengeance i pursue , but the deliverance of a whole nation that i implore ! ” . . ” feeling of timidity he experienced and approaching the prince : had hardly turned the corner when porthos recognized them . soul for mazarin ; but—— ” over the pont neuf ; they pursued their way along the quay then called l ’ <unk> <unk> , and went along by the walls of the grand chatelet . to be refused , the more so as the person for whom the	86.94036102294922
yacht was intended had gone upon a tour through switzerland , and was not expected back in less than three weeks or a month , by which time the builder reckoned upon being able to complete another . this man intended to do him some harm , but on the contrary he saw him fall on his knees before him with his hands clasped . ; he adored her . by monsieur ’ s happiness , and go to bed ? ” madame de villefort , returning to the one idea which incessantly occupied her mind , “ perhaps it would be better to explain this unlucky affair to m. d ’ épinay , in order to give him the opportunity of himself renouncing his claim to the	63.497772216796875
hand of mademoiselle de villefort . ” the parties concerned gained by that treaty : ask him how he had slept . , saying , “ it is very warm , and the heat affects m. <unk> ” he then returned to his place , but did not sit down . losing her senses ! ” he , with dignity , “ there will shortly be a ball at the hôtel de ville . the count , “ have you ever seen me fire a pistol ? ” in upon the apparently interesting conversation passing between the countess and albert , to inquire of the former if she knew who was the fair albanian opposite , since beauty such as hers was well worthy of being observed by	85.73564910888672
either sex . never , ” said planchet , “ i will never leave monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” black claws , and the awful word which i wish to retain in my imagination in all its purity and all its importance . ” them , and this person , hearing the rustling of a silk dress , turned around . fifty or sixty thousand francs ; spend them if necessary , but let these gentlemen be treated as they deserve , that is to say , like kings . ” added the gascon , smiling , “ pardon , i forgot you are no longer athos ; but never mind , let us hear your plan for dinner , porthos . ” his eyes fixed upon	63.416404724121094
the glass which athos held in his hand , he ground the paper well between his teeth and then swallowed it . of the bonapartist faction ! ” many of our readers may be able to recollect how formidable such an accusation became in the period at which our story is dated . fears nothing , that he counts on nothing , he will restore monsieur de mazarin to your majesty without conditions . asked him to drink some of it ? ” cried the friends , “ ’ tis then useless our seeing monsieur the coadjutor this evening , ” said aramis , “ so we give it up . ” o ’ clock , you will be with me , will you not ? ” d	70.75272369384766
’ artagnan ’ s skill with the sword , began to weep and tear her hair . going soon ? ” asked milady . dark they remained silent ; in spite of themselves they submitted to the influence of the obscurity , and apprehended <unk> on every side . ” he said to raoul , “ will you give me the letter you have brought ? ” baton of the marechal de la meilleraie , who does not seem to be much in favor just now . ” ) be concealed till it burst , like a clap of thunder , over the head of the guilty . . water . ” it touched the stone , then <unk> the grating with both hands , he murmured :	46.10668182373047
me ask , sir , have you ? —do you believe you have anything to do ? d ’ artagnan , “ you shall judge of him for yourself . the day on which i was arrested , ” returned the abbé faria ; “ and as the emperor had created the kingdom of rome for his infant son , i presume that he has realized the dream of machiavelli and cæsar borgia , which was to make italy a united kingdom . ” farewell ! ” understand . the man , “ in the name of heaven put your sword back into the sheath and don ’ t kill me <unk> . sleeves , and passed into the little vestibule where the gentlemen were accustomed to wash	56.01110076904297
their hands after shooting . are joking , my worthy man ! ” said d ’ artagnan . contrary remained concealed behind them ; but although the king knew athos , porthos , and aramis personally , he passed before them without speaking or <unk> , as if he had never seen them before . , are you worse ? ” exclaimed valentine , perceiving all these signs of agitation . , then , to leave it ? ” asked athos of d ’ artagnan . other ’ s arms , embraced tenderly , and returned together to the house . should forget that visit , you would find no inconvenience in reminding him of it ? ” ” said the jesuit , disdainfully . him , advanced	39.477210998535156
his hand toward the hilt of the dagger . anne to mazarin , with an accent from which daily habits of dissimulation could not entirely chase the real expression , “ see if we can do something for these gentlemen . ” at any of the windows . you , your excellency ? ” cried bertuccio . conclusion . of the brigands remarked to his comrades that cucumetto was stationed ten paces in carlini ’ s rear when he fell . of cloth about four inches wide and eighteen long ; they were all carefully numbered and closely covered with writing , so legible that dantès could easily read it , as well as make out the <unk> being in italian , a language he , as a	103.57588958740234
provençal , perfectly understood . last-named sum . i have written to you to tell you that i love you . ” cried the marquis ; “ excellently well said ! ” beautiful light hair imaginable ! ” ’ s no need of so much heroism . the most well-bred young men i know . ” among the branches , and his keen eyes plunged through the transparent panes into the interior of the pavilion . the more we gain , when we know how to wait . ” whether charles , who kept his eyes constantly closed , had noticed the insolence of the puritan captain , but the moment he heard the clear tone of d ’ artagnan ’ s voice his eyelids rose , in	78.51044464111328
spite of himself . milady , embarrassed , “ i know monsieur de <unk> , monsieur de <unk> , monsieur de <unk> . ” ? ” me , namely , how franz d ’ épinay will like a grandfather who can not be separated from his wife . lighted taper from a closet , and when the thief was deeply engaged with his lock , silently opened the door , taking care that the light should shine directly on his face . dantès . can not survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment . his	82.93395233154297
lower lip in a most extraordinary manner . presumed to be merely the betrothal feast turns out to be the actual wedding dinner ! ” said danglars . my dear gérard , and by your obedience to my paternal orders , or , if you prefer it , friendly counsels , we will keep you in your place . saw me , and i sank upon the floor a prey to a slumber which resembled death . when the campaign is over , ” replied the gascon . the command to him ? ” of the mother was almost frantic . were more dangerous than any robbers could have been , for they are the agents of the cardinal ; and as to your husband , monsieur bonacieux	78.18452453613281
, he is not here because he was yesterday evening conducted to the bastille . ” to me now , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i am no longer hungry . ” am more your friend than you think—for after our very first encounter , i could by saying a word to the cardinal have had your throat cut ! ” of the <unk> the queen . ” shot rarely hits his man , for he fires with the apprehension of being disarmed , before an armed foe ; then , whilst he fires , make your horse rear ; that manoeuvre has saved my life several times . ” ” said monte cristo “ there is a postscript . ” chamber , and served them	85.8910140991211
with fresh eggs and some water , which athos went himself to draw at the fountain . still by steamboat ) ... . ... ... ... 16 . , it appeared to me not to have the same taste as in the morning . , turning on his mattress like st. <unk> on his <unk> . la ramee , “ your supper is ordered . ” said comminges , “ i answered that to compose a ligue only one <unk> was <unk> my opinion an essential <unk> duc de guise ; moreover , no generation ever does the same thing twice . ” but yet it seems to me a shocking thing that a mere joke should lead to such consequences . ” ; yes , let us	104.36032104492188
go . ” the count saw bertuccio , who , until then , had been occupied on the other side of the house , glide into an adjoining room . young woman was almost an ideal of love . me to show you several fine statues by <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> ? —all foreign artists , for , as you may perceive , i think but very indifferently of our french <unk> . ” , and valentine still lived . to the whites of his eyes . a small part of what you know , ” said dantès , “ if only to prevent your growing weary of me . creation . , ‘ thou shalt not covet thy neighbor ’ s goods , nor yet	72.31913757324219
his wife . ’ ” laughter . , my god ! ” cried mme . very true , mercédès , ” replied the young man , “ yes , you have been cruelly frank with me ; but do you forget that it is among the catalans a sacred law to <unk> ? ” upon occasion i have some left ; only i beg monsieur not to be too prodigal of it if he wishes it to last long . ” his hands and thought of the world , so beautiful when one is about to leave it ; of the caresses of children , so pleasing and so sweet , especially when one is parting from his children never to see them again ; then of his	64.8858642578125
wife , the noble and courageous woman who had sustained him to the last moment . he , filling the glasses , “ let us drink to captain edmond dantès , husband of the beautiful catalane ! ” ” till daylight , and then left without calling anyone . you now to repeat how much affection for you i still cherish . he saw in fancy amid the sailors , seated on a rock , or undulating in the vessel , one of the shadows which had shared his dream with looks and kisses . that is very extraordinary in it , ” replied d ’ artagnan . artagnan reached the end of an alley regularly planted with fine poplars and terminating in an iron gate , the	80.49687957763672
points and crossed bars of which were gilt . that house , which villefort himself had called accursed ? answered he , “ it is not by time i could repel the attack made on me by enemies unknown to me , and , doubtless , hidden in obscurity ; it is immediately , and by a thunderbolt , that i must repel the flash of lightning which , for a moment , startled me . not to do that ; he would have found in what fashion we had executed his commission . ” woman , this creature , this demon , has a brother-in-law , as i think you told me , d ’ artagnan ? ” that the lodge is at a distance from the	73.96854400634766
house . ” to the crack between the boards ; i luckily found a small opening which afforded me a view of the apartment and what was passing within . porthos , almost choked with dust and chewing his bridle as a horse <unk> his bit . my place . ” the false bottom came out , and they saw a bundle of papers tied with a black string . ” said caderousse , from whose mind the friendly treatment of dantès , united with the effect of the excellent wine he had <unk> of , had effaced every feeling of envy or jealousy at dantès ’ good fortune , — “ upon my word , dantès is a downright good fellow , and when i see him	117.26543426513672
sitting there beside his pretty wife that is so soon to be . i look to my turn for keeping guard with horror . overheard by him at the colosseum , between the count and vampa , in which the count had promised to obtain the release of the bandit peppino , —an engagement which , as our readers are aware , he most faithfully fulfilled . you , my lord , ” replied groslow , with an <unk> accent , feigned of course , “ that if you are looking for captain rogers you will not find him . monsieur . ! to resist poison ? ” andrea , <unk> , “ by my faith , if it was only to breakfast with you , that you	82.39201354980469
disturbed me , i wish the devil had taken you ! ” the allées de meilhan , enter the house no . disgrace of m. de morcerf affect me ? , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ this _carte blanche_ , does it remain in her hands ? ” sight of the wretched pony did not excite numerous smiles on the countenances of passers-by ; but as against the side of this pony rattled a sword of respectable length , and as over this sword gleamed an eye rather ferocious than haughty , these passers-by repressed their hilarity , or if hilarity prevailed over prudence , they endeavored to laugh only on one side , like the masks of the ancients . in the east , one	136.27589416503906
must direct chance ; and this is to be achieved . ” spoke to m. de tréville of the exploit of the morning , which was the talk of the whole camp . hold ! ” said athos , wit his quiet tone ; “ that throw of the dice is extraordinary . a royalist , ” replied the general ; “ i have taken the oath of <unk> to louis xviii. , and i will adhere to it. ” these words were followed by a general murmur , and it was evident that several of the members were discussing the propriety of making the general repent of his <unk> . i could in any way assist you , i most eagerly seized the opportunity of offering my	64.5634994506836
services . ” such an <unk> for music ; it is quite ridiculous for a young lady of fashion . ” to your friend , tell him he may sleep in peace . ’ ” , take back this ring , to which i see you attach much value . ” ’ artagnan come off the conqueror ? ” asked the young man , with glistening eye . cavalry , toward <unk> and monsieur de chanleu , who defended the place , was ready to resist an assault , or if the enemy were repulsed , to attempt a sortie . rider would not release his hold , raoul now only directed his attention to the horse , which he guided to the opposite bank , helping it	77.0321273803711
to cut through the water and encouraging it with words . also know that we have done all that human means afforded to endeavor to get one . ” . ” rappel ! ” cried chatillon ; “ we must discover what is going on . ” long without ruining both . well , as i gave my order to saddle my horse . ; he came to announce that the solemn entrance of the king , queen , and her ministers was to take place on the <unk> day . refund - if you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it , you can receive a refund of the money ( if any ) you paid for it by sending a	50.21104431152344
written explanation to the person you received the work from . , bleeding , and almost senseless . any mistake , are you ? ” said the notary ; “ you really mean to declare that such is not your intention ? ” ’ artagnan saw a man sitting in a corner by the fire . benedetto ’ s name was mentioned in his presence , but there was no reason why anyone should notice his doing so . if it were known that we met thus , we should have no further resource . ” that villefort will be firm and inflexible for the future in his political principles . to see shall see . ” , notwithstanding , ” replied the young man , with an	45.09333419799805
artlessness wholly free from affectation ; “ tell her some fine morning an unheard-of piece of <unk> telegraphic despatch , of which you alone are in possession ; for instance , that henri iv . ? ” for the first time to old noirtier , who having heard the noise in the house , had , as we have said , sent his old servant to inquire the cause ; on his return , his quick intelligent eye interrogated the messenger . him arrested while in paris ? ” ’ artagnan felt that he could <unk> himself for that smile . albert , staring . porthos when i saw near me a head which had been broken , but which , for better or worse , had been	90.34497833251953
<unk> with plaster and with black silk . , ” inquired raoul of athos , “ who is speaking ? ” for ? ” eyes filled with tears . some design against me , reverend sir . ” the baroness humbly , “ are you not aware that the man employed there was dismissed , that they talked of going to law with him , that orders were issued to arrest him and that this order would have been put into execution if he had not escaped by flight , which proves that he was either mad or guilty ? of the south , been killed ? will then be well . ’ ” ” of all kinds were assembled at the gate of the camp ; and	59.213584899902344
in a separate group might be distinguished m. de busigny , the dragoon , the swiss , and the fourth <unk> . remorse by twenty years of good deeds ; i have assuaged the natural ferocity of those who shed blood ; on every occasion i have exposed my life to save those who were in danger , and i have preserved lives in exchange for that i took away . , on the honor of a gentleman . ” of all this ? ” inquired caderousse , frowningly , of danglars , who had assumed an air of utter surprise . fairfax was called , one of those brief but solemn <unk> ensued , which announced the absence of the members who had no wish to take	79.7126235961914
a personal part in the trial . ? ” repeated madame danglars , her staring , wide-open eyes expressing her alarm . to show you how sincere i am . ” she , turning to monte cristo , “ will you do us the honor of passing the rest of the day with us ? ” , rushed into her mind . be here ; will you invite young m. cavalcanti ? ” uttered a cry , porthos raised the oar , and aramis sought a place to strike , a frightful shake given to the boat precipitated athos into the sea ; whilst mordaunt , with a shout of triumph , grasped the neck of his victim , and in order to <unk> his movements , twined	54.31929397583008
arms and legs around the musketeer . ? ” asked the captain , who was attentively reading plutarch ’ s _life of alexander_ . but one thing , sir , for the secret you wish to know is not my own . the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate . naked sword under his arm , allowed the duke and mme . but i will tell you a true story , my lord . ” a glass to his lips ; but at the name of milady , his hand trembled so , that he was obliged to put the glass on the ground again for fear of <unk> the contents . ” will be a chance for displaying our new equipments , ” said	50.30575180053711
porthos . such reproaches , for he listened to me calm and smiling , with his arms crossed over his breast . aware of that , ” said madame de villefort ; “ but i have a passion for the occult sciences , which speak to the imagination like poetry , and are <unk> to figures , like an algebraic <unk> ; but go on , i beg of you ; what you say interests me to the greatest degree . ” yes , monsieur ! room with a pensive and gloomy air , glancing from time to time at the jeweller , who stood reeking with the steam from his wet clothes , and merely changing his place on the warm hearth , to enable the whole	62.11800765991211
of his garments to be dried . being , and i should tell you that sometimes when i rise , or after my dinner , or in the middle of the night , i resolve on starting for some particular point , and away i go . ” at boulogne . ” worth , porthos ? ” devil did you find out that ? ” your mouth has just <unk> is to say , with what view you have exposed yourself to the dangers of a sea so perilous , or at least so troublesome at this <unk> i sent my cutter to meet you . friend , if he ’ s one of thy friends thou wilt ruin him in saying so . ” of fighting to-day	79.96175384521484
, sir ; i was charged , indeed , with a mission to the cardinal and had set out for rueil , when , seeing monsieur de chatillon charge , an invincible desire possessed me to charge at his side . them from curiosity , so that i saw the combat without the combatants seeing me . ” athos , whose eyes were fixed in the direction of the rue du bac , “ patience ; i see an abbé cuffing a man , then bowing to a woman ; it must be aramis . ” braves , ” said the king , “ come in ; i am going to scold you . ” athos , letting him go , “ you are not polite ; it	55.708038330078125
is easy to perceive that you come from a distance . ” him on board the tartan . ” upon his gold , and yet he had not strength enough ; for an instant he leaned his head in his hands as if to prevent his senses from leaving him , and then rushed madly about the rocks of monte cristo , terrifying the wild goats and <unk> the <unk> with his wild cries and gestures ; then he returned , and , still unable to believe the evidence of his senses , rushed into the grotto , and found himself before this mine of gold and jewels . <unk> , <unk> <unk> ( properly speaking not a jessamine at all ) has yellow blossoms . , beg	77.92707824707031
your majesty to <unk> ” not my fault , ” said morrel . ” not decline a rendezvous with a lady ; but a prudent gentleman may excuse himself from not waiting on his eminence , particularly when he has reason to believe he is not invited to make his compliments . ” the dressing-room . ” it was known at marseilles that he had left town in the <unk> , and then it was said that the bills would go to protest at the end of the month , and that morrel had gone away and left his chief clerk emmanuel , and his cashier cocles , to meet the creditors . his candlestick in one hand and his cotton <unk> in the other . bitter smile	63.53266143798828
passed over her lips . peculiar manner at a door , which after being opened to admit her was again fastened , and curiosity penetrated no farther . , and this evening two of them will be gone . ” , ” replied the marquise , with a look of tenderness that seemed out of keeping with her harsh dry features ; but , however all other feelings may be withered in a woman ’ s nature , there is always one bright smiling spot in the desert of her heart , and that is the <unk> of maternal love . ” my name in order that you may know where to find me , my lord , or my prince , as it may suit you best	64.88652038574219
to be called , ” said our gascon , who did not choose to seem to yield to a threat . , so skillfully conducted , that chanleu was almost surrounded . , in order that your name might become extinct . ” in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance . frightful , ” continued milady , her voice altered , as if she still experienced the same agony as at that awful minute , “ was that at this time i retained a consciousness of the danger that threatened me ; was that my soul , if i may say so , <unk> in my sleeping body ; was that i saw , that i heard . money ; how am i to	80.61803436279297
justify it if i am here ? ” , then . are you ? ” downcast . which we were reclining ? the fascinating serpent , and himself the bird which flies from branch to branch without power to escape . ? will keep us here till daybreak . ” that dreadful cross , but he felt somehow as if it were coming to meet him . happiness , was reading eagerly the tearful gaze of haydée , when suddenly the door opened . scene in which the two captives were confronted with each other . offered his arm to madame de villefort . the circus , and the <unk> where they killed three hundred lions and a hundred men . air like the passion and anger in	81.46322631835938
her thoughts . mutton of the salt marshes , ” said porthos , smacking his lips . not be mme . came to a landing with a violent shock . , i ! ’ replied he . he was rich ; the young man might easily guess that with so weak a man as m. bonacieux ; and interest was almost foreign to this commencement of love , which had been the consequence of it . services now ? ” asked d ’ avrigny . of monte cristo ’ s attention , for he made three rapid steps in the chamber , and stopped suddenly before it . that evening . so <unk> thou known mousqueton well . ” what reason government can assign for these useless visits	63.3885612487793
; when you see one prisoner , you see all , —always the same thing , <unk> fed and innocent . so many affairs of this kind on my hands that i am forced to regulate them a little . enough , ” said fernand , clenching his hands without raising his head . cried d ’ artagnan , who knew beforehand that he had not much to risk in engaging himself thus . d ’ artagnan to give him his instructions how to proceed on his journey . bewildered , to and fro on the vessel , and mournful cries accompanied these delirious <unk> . in which , from an excellent intention , no doubt , dantès ’ <unk> services were exaggerated , and he was made	74.43743133544922
out one of the most active agents of napoleon ’ s return . or a keeper and at the same time a good father and husband . make a speculation in beer , as we did in straw , ” said porthos . ? , are not prisoners , ” returned mazarin , with his ironical smile , “ only guests ; but guests so precious that i have put a grating before each of their windows and bolts to their doors , that they may not refuse to continue my visitors . ” , are all that i shall need for my escort . ” a <unk> of broussel ’ s party , nor of blancmesnil ’ s , nor am i with viole ; but with	66.50933837890625
the duc de beaufort , the ducs de bouillon and d ’ elbeuf ; with princes , not with presidents , councillors and low-born lawyers . king , drawing up his horse with a sudden jerk , which threw it on its <unk> , and seizing the bridle of athos ’ s horse . day and all night , and next morning , when the sun rose , they had lost sight of monte cristo . the crawfish out also , when grimaud snatched it from his hands . over the note to <unk> it a second time , and saw there was a postscript . much like another in this magnificent <unk> . look at his friends . be stupefied , and the jury manifested tokens of	56.73615264892578
disgust for a <unk> so unexpected in a man of fashion . ” said d ’ artagnan . the sounds spread to a distance beneath the vaulted roofs , and carried with them a magic charm to soften the hearts of her jailers . fellows , ” said athos ; “ how many have we killed of them—a dozen ? ” floor of the house in the rue <unk> , where albert de morcerf had selected a home for his mother , was let to a very mysterious person . <unk> , walked behind this man , whose presence comforted louise . deal of fatigue , remember , and a little rest will do no harm . ” a dream , that i stretched my hand towards the	77.92005157470703
bell ; but when i did so , the shade disappeared ; my maid then entered with a light . ” captains , with good pensions ! so heavy when i was in peril , ” interrupted the queen , with a sad smile , “ and i ask no more for my husband than has been done for me ; you see that we are very humble monarchs , sir . ” madame de villefort , monte cristo scrutinized the features and appearance of the boy she kept folded in her arms , <unk> on him the most tender endearments . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ you would rather be killed than desert your post ? ” hold you in high admiration for the	57.269466400146484
affair of london , he entertains a great hatred for you ; but as , considering everything , he can not accuse you openly , and as hatred must be satisfied , particularly when it ’ s a cardinal ’ s hatred , take care of yourself . when it was asked , and even then he required to be asked twice . added , “ and make yourself agreeable to monsieur la ramee , and tell him that you suit me in all respects . ” well concealed that he could not find me . d ’ artagnan had opened his heart to any one ; it happened , however , that these two men , on meeting again , <unk> perfectly . you lived at lucca	63.80617141723633
, did you ? , then , a fourth companion ? ” i have never succeeded by that means . , so much studied by women , of looking through her long eyelashes without appearing to open the lids . port . , d ’ artagnan ! ” said he ; “ this woman must be tried , not assassinated . for our three companions in particular ; for being friends of m. de tréville , they obtained from him special permission to be absent after the closing of the camp . ” which recalled to him so many royal <unk> , whither had come so many courtiers , the scene of so much flattering homage , alone with a despairing servant , whose feeble soul could afford	100.53937530517578
no support to his own , the king at last yielded to sorrow , and his courage sank to a level with that feebleness , those shadows , and that wintry cold . present occupants was placed as the former owner of the chamber had been accustomed to have his ; and , in spite of his efforts to prevent it , the eyes of edmond were suffused in tears as he reflected that on that spot the old man had breathed his last , vainly calling for his son . door , with his eyes starting and his hair on end . ! became paler than the man who had brought the news . me of itself . ” that he had read <unk> , and that	89.54389953613281
the appointment was for eleven o ’ clock . is well guarded , then . well ! ” , ” replied the abbé ; “ his right name was noirtier de villefort . ” for me ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan , wishing to signify to the hostess that her lamentations were superfluous and that therefore she had better spare him demonstrations of her grief . own clothes , girded on their swords , ordered mousqueton and blaisois to pay the bill and to arrange everything for immediate departure , and wrapped in their large cloaks left in search of their game . had <unk> <unk> to gain this point , was not at more than three paces from it . it is very natural , ”	62.09635925292969
returned bertuccio , “ since it was in this house that my vengeance was accomplished . ” ” and mad prisoners are in the dungeons . ” englishmen to sell us a bottle , ” said the honest blaisois . . . ” he , pointing to the bodies , “ can not hear us . ” betrothal feast ? ” ’ asked joannes . to the servants , when i want to transact business with you alone . ” were not aware of the circumstances attending his <unk> from paris , were struck with the worthy appearance , the gentlemanly bearing , and the knowledge of the world displayed by the old patrician , who certainly played the nobleman very well , so long as he said	57.82731628417969
nothing , and made no arithmetical calculations . anything i have not seen , and as i never have seen apparitions , i don ’ t believe in them . ” something definite , ” said athos ; “ let us go to the peacock . ” to say ? porthos , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that ’ s the very thing it came into my head to do . ” archway of trees with her companion . i tell you she had been stolen from me ? ” down the <unk> , with a strength apparently above that of a woman ; but finding she could not accomplish this , she in her fury stabbed at the door with her poniard , the point	47.04673385620117
of which repeatedly glittered through the wood . permission of monsieur athos to go into the cellar to satisfy these gentlemen ; and he , as usual , has refused . the count to him at length , “ do you repent having followed me ? ” her near her majesty in order that our poor queen might at least have someone in whom she could place confidence , abandoned as she is by the king , watched as she is by the cardinal , betrayed as she is by everybody . ” morrel , with increasing anger and <unk> “ you , who have deceived me with false hopes , who have cheered and soothed me with vain promises , when i might , if not have	87.8477783203125
saved her , at least have seen her die in my arms ! aramis and porthos is treated of chapter xxxv . murmured mme . murmured he , <unk> his head , and joining his hands as if in prayer , “ less than six months have elapsed since first i entered thy gates . had continued three years , carefully fostered by d ’ artagnan , who found his bed and his mistress more agreeable every year , each doing credit to the other , the mistress conceived the extraordinary desire of becoming a wife and proposed to d ’ artagnan that he should marry her . unfortunately for the prisoners , the abbé faria had an attack of catalepsy , and died . ” , your	100.55064392089844
goodness and your courage incline me toward you ; my gratitude is already due . treasure is in the furthest a ... a hidden handle and opened a door so well concealed by the tapestry that the most practiced eye could not have discovered it . this cadet from gascony was a well of wisdom , ” murmured athos ; and the travelers continued their route . with an air of curiosity , evidently mingled with interest . of m. rochefort , whom he had seen in notre dame ; could de rochefort have forestalled him with athos ? meeting with you i would go to the end of the world . ” the tartan , ” replied the sailor . valliere have for a long time perceived	77.4140853881836
and been amused at it ; now they begin to look concerned . ” dantès guided his vessel , and at monte cristo he arrived at the close of the second day ; his boat had proved herself a <unk> sailor , and had come the distance from genoa in thirty-five hours . athos , “ two of my friends , named d ’ artagnan and monsieur du vallon , sent to england by the cardinal , suddenly disappeared when they set foot on the shores of france ; no one knows what has become of them . ” not come ? ” said d ’ artagnan . ” said the count , looking at franz with the earnestness usual to him ; “ and what may it	40.348388671875
be ? ” therewith . ” did he ask you , ‘ who is m. albert de morcerf ? . ” of entries and <unk> ? ” chance seemed , as it were , to give him the lie direct . then ? ” , he seemed still to be in a dream . ” said porthos , <unk> d ’ artagnan ’ s sigh . . to the worthy cardinals , spada and rospigliosi , let us ask both of them to dinner , something tells me that we shall get that money back . it go out of your hands ? ” cardinal are forever seeking quarrels with them , and for the honor of the corps even , the poor young men are obliged to	58.5648193359375
defend themselves . ” really are attached to your old mode of dress ; you can easily resume it when you leave paris . ” door of his mansion , and beheld his carriage drawn by the very pair of horses he had so much admired in the morning as the property of danglars . ! ” replied the marquis , “ let us lose no time , then ! ” draught the glass he held in his hand . , nobody entered his chamber but his servant . ” to address the guards , dantès turned to the nearest gendarme , and taking his hand , , ” replied the doctor ; “ but now we are <unk> ” he reached <unk> and stopped for breakfast .	48.76512145996094
? ” asked morrel , with his open laugh . how your engagement stands ? apology . ” he said to his companion , who had just come in after his round with d ’ artagnan , “ are you thirsty ? ” smile and separated . too late ; albert had followed the footman , and , hearing the order given , forced the door open , and followed by beauchamp found himself in the banker ’ s study . he said . aware you may go alone , since i once met you in <unk> to accompany the mysterious monte cristo ? ” can tonight , and tomorrow , if you can , we will take our departure together . ” <unk> of france . ”	50.56611251831055
, marquis , but have you any landed property ? ” , hearing no news of her lover , had come unobserved to inquire after him . ” to the lodge of the _concierge_ , gave <unk> and egress to the servants and masters when they were on foot . anguish the cold sweat came forth upon his brow , a pang stronger than death clutched at his <unk> . door still had their swords <unk> , but they were leaning on them while they watched the game . other , not understanding this assurance of athos . ” replied athos . ” replied the young man , “ very easily , no doubt , for they are strong and well supported , while i am alone .	72.03746795654297
” comes somebody . ” still more insolent success at a time when blows poured down like hail , had borne him to the top of that difficult ladder called court favor , which he had climbed four steps at a time . your harness and then mine . a spit , and rushed into the chamber occupied by the two friends . and uneasy , awaited the return of debray in the little green room , seated between two baskets of flowers , which she had that morning sent , and which , it must be confessed , debray had himself arranged and watered with so much care that his absence was half excused in the eyes of the poor woman . rascal ; we are mad	112.9832534790039
with hunger and thirst ! ” , marshal ? ” added gondy , turning to la meilleraie . a pistole each , four hundred pistoles . ” be infamous . ” and down his cell . then ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . of which raoul had so often heard the comte de la fere speak , except that its aspect had much changed since the period when athos had himself been part of it ; therefore everything which the count de guiche related was new to his traveling companion . answered the duke , “ if i comprehend you aright , la ramee , i am ungrateful for having ever thought of leaving this place ? ” of him . ” in reality a certain coffer	62.67755126953125
of which he had twenty times beheld the image in his <unk> coffer long and deep , locked , bolted , fastened in the wall ; a coffer of which he had so often heard , and which the <unk> little wrinkled , it is true , but still not without <unk> the procurator ’ s wife were about to open to his admiring looks . ” cried mademoiselle d ’ armilly , taking the bell from her companion ’ s hand , and ringing it yet more violently . of st. sulpice was announced . would perhaps have doubted the sincerity of d ’ artagnan if the wine had been bad ; but the wine was good , and he was convinced . my lord . ”	58.26641082763672
we were not in the plot , as you will soon see . your mother to take a sword and fight us . ” came in the direction of the public <unk> . <unk> on the subject were very limited and concise ; he told her , in fact , that an explanation had taken place between m. noirtier , m. d ’ épinay , and himself , and that the marriage of valentine and franz would consequently be broken off . , my dear child . who regards him as the epitome of human wisdom ; admired by my father , who says he has never before heard such sublime ideas so <unk> expressed ; idolized by edward , who , notwithstanding his fear of the count	75.08273315429688
’ s large black eyes , runs to meet him the moment he arrives , and opens his hand , in which he is sure to find some delightful present , —m . , at all events , that it is impossible for me to understand motives before they are explained to me ; but one thing at least is clear , which is , that you decline <unk> yourself with my family . ” if you know who this man is , ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ tell me who he is , and whence he is . ’ replied the young girl , with all the frankness of her nature , ‘ that i would give half my life for a costume such as	42.629432678222656
she wore . ’ request of your father , opened an account of 5,000 francs a month at m. danglars ’ , which is one of the safest banks in paris . ” ; for the last week m. de villefort has secluded himself . but he had some difficulty in believing . well . ” the country , and my father in his leisure time was something of a <unk> . ” our papers were quickly written out , and certainly do not come very <unk> ” this joke elicited a fresh burst of applause . steaming from his brow , and slowly entered the arbor , whose shade seemed to restore somewhat of calmness to his senses , and whose coolness somewhat of refreshment to his	94.2159423828125
exhausted body . ” gesture , and <unk> his route with the same precautions he had used in coming . d ’ artagnan . , bursting with his usual coarse laugh , “ i know you frenchmen want nothing but cuts and bruises . ” , to send me 500,000 francs tomorrow . can see anything more than the merest chance in this meeting ? , my lord . . to ask of me , my lord ? ” said rochefort . website which has the main pg search facility : www.gutenberg.org . so firm a tone that the color mounted to valentine ’ s cheeks . italian malcontents , adventurers of all nations , and soldiers of fortune of every <unk> , flocked at the first summons	67.42672729492188
under the standard of the protestants , and organized themselves like a vast association , whose branches diverged freely over all parts of europe . the elder prisoner , “ the will of god be done ! ” and as the old man slowly pronounced those words , an air of profound resignation spread itself over his careworn countenance . volume chapters ten years later 1258 1660–1661 3 <unk> you ? ’ pleasure , gentlemen ? ” replied the peasant , with a purity of accent peculiar to the people of that district and which might have put to shame the <unk> <unk> of the <unk> and the rue de l ’ <unk> . settling down in the cathedral , a carriage , bearing the arms of comminges	101.66563415527344
, quitted the line of the court carriages and proceeded slowly to the end of the rue saint christophe , now entirely deserted . more perfect than her acting ? ” ! ” said the young man , who in spite of his self-command felt his knees tremble and the sweat start from his brow . caderousse , “ i had <unk> ” thicket ; he saw my father bury something in the ground , and stabbed him ; then thinking the deposit might contain some treasure he turned up the ground , and found me still living . a <unk> . , ” replied m. de tréville , “ that you should undertake so long a journey without that necessary passport , the sole resource of us	70.71710968017578
poor béarnese . ” reflections of d ’ artagnan and mme . their turn , holding the horses of d ’ artagnan and porthos in their hands . , during which the fixed , searching eye of the abbé was employed in scrutinizing the agitated features of the innkeeper . athos , “ in your <unk> ” mousqueton . ” said the italian . on a trade which i have always thought satisfactory . ” two bottles of champagne , and the difference will be for the <unk> . ” ’ artagnan , ” said kitty , in a voice full of compassion , and pressing anew the young man ’ s hand . in monsieur dessessart ’ s guards , and this gentleman is in the company	30.75487518310547
of monsieur de tréville ’ s musketeers . , who had been informed that d ’ artagnan was arrested and who was anxious to see him , took leave of the king , inviting him to come the next day to view the work already done upon the dyke . have claimed his attention , franz was too deeply occupied with the beautiful greek to take any note of it ; while she seemed to experience an almost childlike delight in watching it , her eager , animated looks contrasting strongly with the utter indifference of her companion , who , during the whole time the piece lasted , never even moved , not even when the furious , <unk> din produced by the trumpets , <unk> ,	88.37800598144531
and chinese bells sounded their loudest from the orchestra . groslow ; “ it is impossible . ” hand and aramis could see the prisoner disappear at the turning of the avenue . the village and ride after us on the northern road , and when they have passed we will take the opposite direction . ” a few moments , then said , “ no , truly , it would take up too much time . ” power against death ? albert , emitting a volume of smoke and balancing his chair on its hind legs , “ only madmen , or <unk> like us , ever do travel . woman was covered with a black velvet mask ; but notwithstanding this precaution , which was in	72.26453399658203
fact taken rather against others than against him , he at once recognized his usual guide , the light and intelligent mme . be easy <unk> would give her a lesson . ” , drank half its contents , and then presented it to valentine , who smiled and swallowed the rest . sight of the gold , and forgot that he came to announce d ’ artagnan , who , curious to know who the mendicant could be , came to aramis on leaving athos . edmond , we are near the conclusion . that i had ; i have assumed the virtues that i had not . chapter lv . , then , weigh upon your conscience ? ” the full project gutenberg™ license as specified	62.15652847290039
in paragraph 1.e.1 . it ? ” same time to procure you amusement and glory , gentlemen , ” said athos . and reading the eyes of the old man , which gleamed with unnatural lustre , — as he knew well , to confine for the whole of his life the grandson of henry iv. , especially when this young prince was scarcely thirty years of age . have lieutenants in a felucca manned by a crew of four . ” , here , has received a slight sword wound in the arm , but not enough to prevent him , as your eminence may see , from mounting to the assault tomorrow , if your eminence orders an escalade . ” contrary , he was very	61.82050704956055
kind to me . ” responded madame de villefort in the same tone . , the <unk> was no other than the bandit luigi vampa himself , and the man <unk> in the mantle the same he had known as “ sinbad the sailor , ” but who , no doubt , was still pursuing his philanthropic expedition in rome , as he had already done at porto-vecchio and tunis . for ever since you were deputed by me to arrest the duc de beaufort , this officer and i have been on bad terms . , yes , you are right , ” athos replied ; “ but then there must be some occasion for speaking . ” kinds of people about , who were in a	59.34675216674805
state of stupefaction at the unexpected arrival of the court , he whispered in his friend ’ s ear . his sleeve . <unk> , french dramatist ( <unk> ) . kind , and i am so grateful ! ” ; but i tell you that the favor of a minister is <unk> , and that a man must be mad to attach himself to a minister . everything relating to this young man is true . ” saying , be assured , my dear fellow . , yes , ” replied athos , with the same courtesy ; “ what is there we can do for you ? ” had these words whispered in my ears , and i chose the latter ; at any rate ,	38.58692932128906
it is a french word . you think of giving your daughter to him ? ” , would you not see the <unk> ? but a corpse in his arms . to you my grandfather ’ s thoughts , so as to put an end to all your doubts and fears on the subject . rang to announce the drawing up of the curtain for the second act . where is my sister ? ” asked the prince . country , as i was told by the person who recommended him to me . ” . ” knowing whether they would ever see each other again . the poor woman , “ have i said anything that has wounded you ? ” , found the lackeys at their	33.19480895996094
posts , placed them as sentinels at all the <unk> of the hôtel , and came to find athos , who had just received this information when his friends returned . of ’ 93 , who said to napoleon , in 1814 , ‘ you bend because your empire is a young stem , weakened by rapid growth . said the swiss , who , notwithstanding the admirable collection of oaths possessed by the german language , had acquired a habit of swearing in french . , unlimited , ” said monte cristo . and drawers was entirely concealed by one of the <unk> <unk> , whose brilliant hues and rich silken fringe have rendered them so precious in the eyes of parisian belles . , my lad	115.76580810546875
; she would have killed you . duke of buckingham to be stabbed by a man who was , ere that , honest , good and pure . are at <unk> with the cardinal . ” ” by a ball . we trust your eminence will deign to explain yourself , and we should then at least be acquainted with our real position . ” then , as they told me ? ” father , and with your permission , now i have seen you , and know you are well and have all you require , i will ask your consent to go and pay a visit to the catalans . ” ” , ” answered the man , “ to help you in taking care of	37.93754577636719
your prisoners . ” we should find him at this hour at his post ? ” your majesty ’ s most faithful servants . ” silence . reseated himself . examination take place ? ” it , ” said laporte , “ my sons , like myself , are at the queen ’ s service . ” by it on her part , for she added , “ my cousin will not return if he finds that we do not treat him kindly ; but otherwise he has so little time to pass in paris , and consequently to spare to us , that we must entreat him to give us every instant he can call his own previous to his departure . ” you very closely ,	55.27195739746094
my uncle , i am sure , and you will soon be of my opinion , ” added he , with a smile which sent a shudder through the veins of him he thus addressed . the proud look entirely failed of its purpose . arms ? ” cried m. de tréville , “ mine ! to a little village in <unk> , lying between <unk> and <unk> little village called <unk> ’ <unk> . ” your husband die ? ” ” said château-renaud , “ i would rather end my career like m. de morcerf ; a pistol-shot seems quite delightful compared with this catastrophe . ” god reward you ! it not ? ” lost ; and perhaps—perhaps everything is for the best . ” porthos	59.47783279418945
, “ what a fearful day , my dear d ’ artagnan ! ” been doing since yesterday ? ” quarter full , as we before stated . proudly ; as to teresa , her eyes sparkled when she thought of all the fine gowns and gay jewellery she could buy with this purse of gold . ; perhaps i may have heard them mentioned and might be able to aid you in finding them . ” ” said planchet , with a look of shrewdness , “ i know where bazin is . ” ascended the front steps , and addressing a footman who waited there in a grand livery , asked if the duchess de chevreuse was visible and if she could receive the comte de	67.18954467773438
la fere ? phaeton , monte cristo turned , and seeing bertuccio , “ what news ? ” said he . it ? ” ” said athos . , taking opposite directions , at full gallop . , ” returned caderousse . be reassured on that point . he had been a naval officer , who had been confined for plotting with the bonapartists . ” the cardinal ; but unfortunately the cardinal was at the louvre with the king . officer thus walk away , followed by two guards , amused himself by pursuing them and did this so much the more gladly as the ceremony ended at that instant and the king remounted his carriage . your excavation carefully , do not work any more ,	52.86768341064453
and wait until you hear from me . ” that there was something extraordinary , looked at him steadfastly . and penetrating odor . if you will not wait , we must look upon these projects as if they had never been entertained . ” the cardinal , who could not for an instant suspect the loyalty of tréville , and who felt that the victory was escaping him , “ well , but athos _was_ taken in the house in the rue des fossoyeurs . ” the presence of ali , who , not understanding one word of the language in which it was spoken , stood wholly unmoved , produced an effect on m. baptistin only to be conceived by such as have occasion to study	69.91776275634766
the character and disposition of french domestics . masters , and did not know the lackeys ; on the contrary , the lackeys knew milady perfectly . in this convent , my dear fellow . cook who <unk> these pills ? ” asked beauchamp . the heart by a frightful <unk> conversation he had heard between the doctor and villefort the night of madame de saint-méran ’ s death , recurred to him ; these symptoms , to a less alarming extent , were the same which had preceded the death of barrois . the latter his grief and fear , for it was the second time within a month that death had suddenly and unexpectedly entered that house which was apparently destined to destruction by some exterminating	79.50919342041016
angel , as an object of god ’ s anger . ” a musketeer ; in that quality i say what i please , and at this moment it pleases me to say that you weary me . ” , that the minister of police is greatly deceived or i am ; and as it is impossible it can be the minister of police as he has the guardianship of the safety and honor of your majesty , it is probable that i am in error . said the king , “ i understand you . when i left his <unk> ” <unk> and devastation i became terrified , not for <unk> i , a simple corsican fisherman , had nothing to fear ; on the contrary ,	44.83513641357422
that time was most favorable for us <unk> for my brother , a soldier of the empire , returning from the army of the loire , with his uniform and his epaulets , there was everything to apprehend . to the report you allude to ” <unk> perceived that the cardinal wished to make him speak <unk> “ i know nothing but what the public knows . continued tréville , “ in enterprises of this kind , in order that one may arrive , four must set out . ” . the bed as they moved the corpse , heard the voice of the governor , who asked them to throw water on the dead man ’ s face ; and seeing that , in spite of this	67.5497817993164
application , the prisoner did not recover , they sent for the doctor . <unk> said that she caused his death ? ” notary out of the room . arm , i looked around , but all was dark ; and it seemed to me as if the rain must have penetrated through the flooring of the room above , for some kind of moisture appeared to fall , drop by drop , upon my forehead , and when i passed my hand across my brow , i felt that it was wet and <unk> . twenty-fifth , as they were entering arras , and as d ’ artagnan was dismounting at the inn of the golden harrow to drink a glass of wine , a horseman came	57.481388092041016
out of the post yard , where he had just had a relay , started off at a gallop , and with a fresh horse took the road to paris . at our ease , la ramee removes the guards , keeping only grimaud to wait on us . hand . allowed , ” said morcerf , “ to pay my respects to mademoiselle danglars ? ” i merely suppose so , as i might suppose anything else , ” replied villefort with a look so fixed , it indicated that his powerful mind was on the verge of despair and madness . thou dost not oppose my flight . ” the host , “ if the lackey has drunk only half as much as the master ,	53.07835006713867
i am a ruined man . ” cromwell . . eugénie , “ let the porter get the post-chaise from the coach-house , and fetch some post-horses from the hotel . foundation is a non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the internal revenue service . the <unk> <unk> which madame de saint-méran took , and madame de saint-méran is dead . was still at the castle . it , that is all ; and i thought from having his foot upon it the handkerchief was his . ” his arms , embraced him , shook him , called him , but the child made no response . to the	58.8646125793457
proof . ” his father , no doubt , ’ replied danglars . changes his mind and receives only porthos and myself , why , then , we must resort to heroic measures and each give two strokes instead of one . for a hundred paces around . her at rome , ” replied albert . , ” said anne of austria . , still moist . hands the papers , which danglars had so proudly presented to him , and read : — three men together , monsieur comminges , ” said mazarin , “ we must double the guard , and we are not rich enough in fighting men to commit such acts of prodigality . ” around the door . my tranquillity , or <unk>	67.71351623535156
as philosophers say , proceeded from another source ; it proceeded from a wish , like a submissive and devoted daughter ” ( a slight smile was observable on the purple lips of the young girl ) , “ to practice obedience . ” , father , that woman , under that angelic appearance , had an infernal soul , and when i saw her , when i recalled all the evil she had done to me—— ” any horses , get them of <unk> , and if you purchase a phaeton , go to <unk> for it . ” it that he is a vampire . ” romans stuffed their pheasants with <unk> , and the chinese eat swallows ’ nests ? so revered by d ’	115.46898651123047
artagnan the elder served as an object of ridicule to the musketeers of tréville , who cracked their jokes upon his <unk> legs and his crooked back . to the rue férou . , ’ replied emmanuel ; ‘ but i wished to have your advice . ’ too long , my dear landlord , ” replied franz . i will come and see you , and you shall convince me . ” ” said la ramee , “ that ’ s not a bad idea . ” of his master ’ s voice calling his <unk> . ” continued caderousse , “ the marriage took place in the church of accoules . ” but he thought not of hunger at such a moment ; he hastily swallowed	38.806396484375
a few drops of rum , and again entered the cavern . , ” said d ’ artagnan , with an air of profound compassion . pride , all the passions in short that dispute the heart of an outraged woman in love , urged her to make a revelation ; but she reflected that she would be totally lost if she confessed having assisted in such a <unk> , and above all , that d ’ artagnan would also be lost to her forever . to proceed to the last part of the speculation . ” cried d ’ artagnan , after a moment of reflection , “ i shall <unk> it , be assured . ” use of carrying so much more weight ? ” was	44.9881706237793
the reply , “ i can do that when we get there . ” learn if the noise had not begun again , and grew impatient at the prudence of the prisoner , who did not guess he had been disturbed by a captive as anxious for liberty as himself . costume worn upon grand occasions by the inhabitants of the south of france , bearing equal resemblance to the style adopted both by the catalans and <unk> ; while la carconte displayed the charming fashion prevalent among the women of arles , a mode of attire borrowed equally from greece and arabia . raoul , “ especially in expression . ” weakness , ” said caderousse , “ but it <unk> me . ” himself the trouble	105.02957916259766
to dissemble , and displayed it with affectation before the queen . i assure you you are mistaken . ” she said , “ persons in the count ’ s situation have many secret enemies . replied the president , bowing with profound respect , ‘ allow me to ask one question ; it shall be the last : can you prove the authenticity of what you have now stated ? ’ of revealing all to her grandmother , and she would not have hesitated a moment , if maximilian morrel had been named albert de morcerf or raoul de château-renaud ; but morrel was of plebeian extraction , and valentine knew how the haughty marquise de saint-méran despised all who were not noble . uttered a groan	81.36695098876953
. , which only sounds on the pope ’ s <unk> and the opening of the carnival , was ringing a joyous peal . brought villefort took them back at full speed , and at this moment morrel rapped at monte cristo ’ s door . the castle of yanina ! replied the jeweller . was as strong as a judith or a <unk> . d ’ artagnan . duelling ? , i know you not . ” not as yet generally known . ” low before his highness . , i beg of you , ” said he , “ not to say a word to dantès on the subject . me ? ” said the commissary , looking at the accused as if his little eyes	32.8609504699707
had the faculty of reading to the very depths of hearts , “ you have a wife ? ” and laughed aloud . he , “ what is this ? shall see ! ” arise , vicomte , embrace me . ” , then , in half an hour , baron , and valentine will be ready . ” providing access to a work with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” associated with or appearing on the work , you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the project gutenberg™ trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . the cry of a crow ; a <unk> answered this signal . ’ said	28.63020896911621
the captain , ‘ what makes you shake your head ? ’ ‘ why , ’ i says , ‘ i still think you ’ ve got too much on. ’ ‘ i think you ’ re right , ’ answered he , ‘ we shall have a <unk> ’ ‘ a <unk> ? the lane , d ’ artagnan turned to the left . device the epithet <unk> , which formed the second part of his motto , but very few gentlemen could lay claim to the <unk> , which constituted the first . to carry on the war alone , and to look for no success foreign to himself , but as we look for a fortunate chance . d ’ artagnan , “ by heaven	72.38700103759766
! bastile , sir , which is so strong and so secure . ” of darkness , on these nocturnal laborers , with a kind of fear ; he asked himself , if , after having called forth these foul creatures from their <unk> , he should have the power of making them retire again . until this hour , ” replied franz . it , ” said haydée . dantès hesitating , “ has this treasure no more legitimate possessor in the world than ourselves ? ” _coupé_ , calm and smiling , and was at home in five minutes . with the details of gastronomy , d ’ artagnan and aramis made no objection to abandoning this important care to him . , still going at	74.87090301513672
a great pace , till it dashed into paris , and disappeared . you nothing , then ? ” d ’ artagnan , pressing her hand more closely . and believe <unk> ’ s right . day for me , ’ continued the young girl , raising her ardent gaze to heaven , ‘ that on which i find at last an opportunity of avenging my father ! ’ broad daylight , warn your foe before an attack , and never attempt anything by night lest you should be accused of taking advantage of the darkness . ” and m. de la trémouille ’ s people retreated into the hôtel , the doors of which they closed just in time to prevent their enemies from entering with them	63.859256744384766
. the hall ; the sergeant called his two <unk> with an energetic “ hem ! ” and the door-keeper appearing , called out with that shrill voice peculiar to his order , ever since the days of beaumarchais : but lower than before ; he was even paler than mercédès . had no letter of credit , as he lived at florence , and had only come to rome to pass seven or eight days ; he had brought but a hundred louis , and of these he had not more than fifty left . he cared not to inquire . did you not refuse to go to brussels for the queen , whilst you had consented to go there to do some service for the late	89.3870849609375
cardinal ? ” party , did he once mistake one door for another , or commit the smallest error when choosing any particular corridor or staircase to conduct him to a place or suite of rooms he desired to visit . cried a tall man with an enormous mustache and a long rapier , “ bravo , fair paulet , it is high time to put little voiture in his right place . ” said debray . the seventeen peers of france ? ” reply ? ” a cemetery . ” for half an hour , when the same luminous track was again observed , and the swimmer was soon on board . towards him without making a single step . row of the crowd , admirably placed	139.30111694335938
for seeing ; and as on the whole the sight was curious , he probably wished to stay to the end . ” would leave her mistress ’ s presence at an early hour that evening , and that when he left the mistress he would ascend with the maid . would do ! —nothing ! ” gave these details , that albert seemed to have something to ask of him , but that he was unwilling to ask it . paltry fifty louis . ” the count , “ you do not get out , m. <unk> are going to stay in the carriage , then ? , that my heart is less touched by him than any other ; that would be a <unk> ’ s	55.467201232910156
reason , which i consider quite beneath me . nothing to say to a man who does not keep his word . ” rolled over a fine gravel , milady could hear a vast roaring , which she at once recognized as the noise of the sea dashing against some steep <unk> . , make verses ? ” asked raoul , naively , “ i thought it was <unk> . ” ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan in his most fascinating voice and manner . him , but for myself . ” become concerned in this villainous affair ? ” the centre . out a piercing glance darted through the opening of the nearly closed door , and she perceived felton , who drew quickly to one	64.91356658935547
side to prevent being seen by her . opened and mordaunt appeared on the threshold , face to face with d ’ artagnan . near the panel . your own level , and demand explanations ! same thing , ” cried the young woman . , ” was the reply contained in his look ; and this look expressed a feeling of strong indignation , mixed with profound contempt . gate was sounded ; milady was not mistaken . he would content himself the morrow with witnessing the carnival from the windows of the rospoli palace . around me . he closed his eyes , and in a last look about him saw the vision of modesty completely veiled ; and then followed a dream of passion like	80.39280700683594
that promised by the prophet to the elect . , sir , since you bid me contemplate , for the advantage of my pride , this terrible spectacle , which must have been so great a source of sorrow to your family . ” fair unknown had resolved , doubtless , to carry the intrigue no farther ; for although the young men made several more turns , they did not again see the calash , which had turned up one of the neighboring streets . t swear . ” ! ” cried he . ” inquired caderousse . shall expect you . that in the person of this priest is represented the whole people of paris and that it is dangerous to insult him at this moment	64.44047546386719
, and if this priest wished it , in an hour you would be without a crown ? of the king and the cardinal , there might be reckoned in paris at that time more than two hundred smaller but still <unk> levees . we <unk> ” du colombier , and d ’ artagnan toward the rue férou . ” said barrois ; “ i shall go and fetch a notary , <unk> ” and the old servant departed triumphantly on his mission . with one woman so ready to do justice to the charms of another as yourself , ” responded lucien , raising his lorgnette to his eye . the next room , or rather from the palace adjoining , shone upon the room in which	68.4166030883789
he was gently gliding into his last sleep . that cost me , monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” , you noticed on the evening of the ball we gave , that m. de monte cristo would eat nothing in our house . ” she ever existed ? prince took in the extent of country that lay before him , from lens as far as <unk> . murmured anne of austria , who had not the courage to find fault with the duke for having so well preserved her portrait in his heart , “ what folly to feed a useless passion with such remembrances ! ” , ” he said , “ and remove the pistols which are in the holsters . expression in his eyes ,	69.95394134521484
for the jailer said , “ come , are you going mad again ? ” ” said villefort , joining the hands of morrel and d ’ avrigny , “ swear that you will spare the honor of my house , and leave me to avenge my child . ” albert as late as possible . who now shook his head in his turn . hear unloaded are the posts and planks to build my scaffold . always regarded our love in the light of something sacred ; consequently , i have covered it with the veil of respect , and hid it in the innermost recesses of my soul . strict obedience . . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ since you can not	56.943519592285156
marry madame without my consent and <unk> ” , then ? ” thought and in silence , began to take off the robes of state he had assumed in order to be present at the sitting of parliament , and to attire himself in the military coat , which he wore with a certain degree of easy grace , owing to his former campaigns in italy . in their cloth robes and preceded by six <unk> , each holding a <unk> in his hand , went to attend upon the king , whom they met on the steps , where the provost of the merchants made him the speech of <unk> compliment to which his majesty replied with an apology for coming so late , laying the blame	82.56592559814453
upon the cardinal , who had detained him till eleven o ’ clock , talking of affairs of state . <unk> ? ” sorts . ” said ; “ at the end of yonder corridor is a door , of which i have the key , it leads into the park . the appearance of being a butcher , descended a little steep and isolated street , looking on to the river , with two of his friends . it . ” she say ? ” , ” the young girl calmly replied , “ and none but edmond shall ever be my husband . ” , if i remember rightly , on the very probable contingency of your being charged by the cardinal with my arrest .	47.478271484375
the well-known costume of a peasant woman , snatched his _moccoletto_ from him without his offering any resistance . pieces out of his mouth and presented them with great formality to monsieur de chavigny , saying that for that evening the entertainment was ended , but in three months it should be repeated , when pistache would have learned a few new tricks . directed towards them , that franz saw it would be cruel not to satisfy her curiosity ; and , availing himself of one of the privileges of the spectators of the italian theatres , who use their boxes to hold <unk> , the two friends went to pay their respects to the countess . act ? ” athos asked of him in english .	84.86760711669922
moment with a dull sound that drew out of dantès ’ forehead large drops of perspiration . gown , his head enveloped in a sort of round flat cap , not much unlike a <unk> , was seated before an oblong table , covered with rolls of paper and enormous volumes in folio . the honor of seeing you for the third or fourth time , count , instead of only for the second , ” said madame de villefort ; “ if i had had the honor of being your friend , instead of only having the happiness of being under an obligation to you , i should insist on detaining you to dinner , and not allow myself to be daunted by a first refusal .	63.08298873901367
” , drew back , like a traveller at the sight of a serpent , and fell into a chair beside him . bed and turned my nose to the wall , that i <unk> ’ t break my promise and strangle grimaud . ” responded the woman , with an expression impossible to describe ; ‘ i thought it was for something else . ’ grotto must penetrate deeper into the island ; he examined the stones , and sounded one part of the wall where he fancied the opening existed , masked for precaution ’ s sake . about to stop there . ” said monte cristo , “ paris is a strange city , and the parisians a very singular people . something to pour	61.97927474975586
the soup into ; dantès ’ entire dinner service consisted of one <unk> was no alternative . , it was impossible to say ; they awaited , while gratifying the eyes , a destination unknown to their owner himself ; in the meantime they filled the place with their golden and <unk> reflections . kitty appeared . d ’ artagnan laid his hand on the shoulder of their leader . to take up your quarters . ” ” he thought , “ to make this man happy ; i look upon this restitution as a weight thrown into the scale to balance the evil i have wrought . , to be sure . charles stuart . , grimaud ? ” said aramis . crusts ; bazin , who	119.15470123291016
had always been inclined to devotion , never quit the churches ; planchet watched the flight of flies ; and grimaud , whom the general distress could not induce to break the silence imposed by his master , heaved sighs enough to soften the stones . and thoughtful . ” the right , to the left ; they were <unk> by a troop of horsemen . nourishment ? ” said blaisois , pointing to the barley bread and <unk> of beer upon the table . thought he saw the general make an attempt to remove the handkerchief , and reminded him of his oath . , he cast a rapid glance over the paper , and perceiving that it was the one that had been mentioned to him	69.47035217285156
, he placed it on the table , took a pen , and prepared to sign it . was passed to find the fastening , then a second ; the window turned on its hinges , and a man entered . the two women , one after the other , and was forced to acknowledge that in his opinion dame nature had made a mistake in their <unk> . the double instinct of woman and mother guessed all ; but as she was prudent and strong-minded she concealed both her sorrows and her fears . you if you have only the misfortune to scratch the skin of her dearly beloved edmond ! ” , monsieur , go on ! ” said madame de chevreuse eagerly ; “ you	59.37245178222656
can ’ t imagine how much this conversation interests me . ” at the first sound of war . ” , —that ’ s pretty good , when i haven ’ t eaten for twenty-four hours ! ” muttered danglars . not quit their hotel in the rue du helder , their walk on the boulevard de <unk> , and the café de paris . ” , which in gascony had rendered him formidable to young chambermaids , and even sometimes their mistresses , had never dreamed , even in moments of delirium , of half the amorous wonders or a quarter of the feats of gallantry which were here set forth in connection with names the best known and with details the least concealed . he made	87.79576110839844
a sign with his head , went into the anteroom , and seated himself . , then ? ” you ; i don ’ t know him . ” planchet , “ here ’ s land in good condition ; if it belongs to monsieur porthos i wish him joy . ” a cry of joy on seeing so handsome a young cavalier , so far surpassing all that her maternal pride had been able to conceive . went out , telling his host that he was going to pass the night at the duke of bracciano ’ s . mazarin , whom that single word always inspired with a great respect . genii , <unk> , <unk> , in short , of all the ministers of the	42.21811294555664
occult sciences , until i laughed aloud at the <unk> of my own imagination . over ? ” asked rochefort . fellow ! ? ” that that did the business ; after <unk> heavily for twelve hours we sprung a <unk> . without waiting for a reply and each one seemed to be contented with expressing his or her own thoughts . that he remains there ? ” asked gondy . and practical men will always support the opinion , that money <unk> many trials ; and if you admit the <unk> of this sovereign balm , you ought to be very easily <unk> , the king of finance , the <unk> of immeasurable power . ” ? ” a half-pistole may have . , come on saturday	95.53202819824219
? ” felton laid the book upon the little table near which milady was sitting , at the tone in which he pronounced the two words , <unk> <unk> , at the disdainful smile with which he accompanied them , milady raised her head , and looked more attentively at the officer . you contrive to make that ? ” inquired dantès . a cloak , appeared at the door , but seeing a stranger he beckoned to his companions , and two men who were drinking in the inn went out to speak to him . said d ’ artagnan , “ if these are the <unk> that are sent to you from tours , i beg you will make my compliments to the gardener who <unk>	42.34850311279297
them . ” nothing but show them your fist ; and the more respectable your fist is , porthos , the less attractive it is . . to hear what they said ; but , without doubt , nothing hostile passed , for he saw albert disappear <unk> with the peasant girl . ? ” ’ s notice , and he observed a little note , passed with the facility that indicates frequent practice , from the hand of madame danglars to that of the minister ’ s secretary . them off , ” said de rochefort , “ and the reason was , that though he had bitter enemies he possessed also true friends . ? ” valentine held down her head ; she was overwhelmed .	84.63660430908203
madame danglars . , by the expression of the man who thus addressed him , that he had fallen into a trap , and he remained with his mouth wide open and his eyes portentously staring . with the order they had received , they bowed their heads in sign of assent . about the catalan village . he would die without saying more , for he exclaimed eagerly : said groslow , and opened the door of the room . <unk> the door , antoine . ” find them instantly , and let all be done tonight ! . cristo who so rarely opened his lips , was about to speak . , crammed in the letter , and <unk> his doublet . , and we are	60.5257453918457
going to be happy . ” , deeply grieved at having been prevented the honor of being presented to the countess during her sojourn in paris , was most anxious to make up for it , and had requested him ( franz ) to remedy the past misfortune by conducting him to her box , and concluded by asking pardon for his presumption in having taken it upon himself to do so . i swear to you that you are as safe here as you were twenty years , <unk> , athos , in the rue <unk> , and you , aramis , in the rue de vaugirard . ” gentlemen , and does not m. mouston ’ s suggestion appear to you full of sense ? ”	66.68444061279297
plucked the fruit . ” cried milady , “ must i name him again ? which was tolerably clever . be a fool to accept your offer . ’ no . , his mind perfectly clear , but the same <unk> of moving or speaking . ” he ? ” me , or shall i take edward ? ” useless . right in so thinking , ” said the man ; “ i came here direct from the castle of st. angelo , and i had an immense deal of trouble before i could get a chance to speak to beppo . ” face . to dammartin , ” said aramis . for a moment to wipe his damp , pale brow . for england during the night	69.59504699707031
. i pray you , for your pleasure or your business . ” warning was ? ” hands he played with the louis , bending and <unk> them again , as if they were made of pewter . are , and get along with you upon your journey , ” replied the duchess , with the gayety which made her so charming , “ for i am sufficiently in bad odor already , without compromising myself still more . ” villequier , “ so mazarin was here ! another enemy , less to be feared , he thought ; but nevertheless , he instinctively felt , not to be despised . then turning towards monte cristo , “ count , ” said he , “ in the name	66.11021423339844
of all that is dear to you , i entreat you not to kill albert ! —the unhappy youth has a mother . ” one of the cardinal ’ s favorite means ; he has not one that is more expeditious . no words about it . statement contained in it should be rectified . ” absent . you , and after the queen , the cardinal , and after the cardinal , myself . ” to , so as to avoid wounding any susceptibility ? do so , ” said he . duc de bassompierre passed in the <unk> he remained for twelve long <unk> his companions , in their dreams of liberty , said to each other : “ as for me , i shall go	56.954734802246094
out of the prison at such a time , ” and another , at such and such a time , the duke used to answer , “ as for me , gentlemen , i shall leave only when monsieur du tremblay leaves ; ” meaning that at the death of the cardinal du tremblay would certainly lose his place at the bastile and de bassompierre regain his at court . passed the rue cassette , and already perceived the door of his friend ’ s house , shaded by a mass of sycamores and clematis which formed a vast arch opposite the front of it , when he perceived something like a shadow issuing from the rue servandoni . what had become of felton . of supreme content	101.2509765625
, he left his hiding-place , and without being observed , descended one of the flights of steps provided for debarkation , and hailing three times , shouted “ jacopo , jacopo , jacopo ! ” employ to carry the <unk> to the officer directing the execution ? ” to punish , madame , ” he added , with a flaming glance ; “ any other woman , were it the queen herself , i would send to the executioner ; but to you i shall be merciful . leave paris just now without <unk> ” is innocence itself ! ” ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . the interview we have just detailed , madame de villefort had gone to visit m. noirtier . mother and	67.05597686767578
said , “ why do as these people ask ? ” queen , sir , if the crown were to be placed on the heads of the <unk> and most intelligent . to him . you that though remaining invisible to your eyes , i have not lost sight of you . ” his way , whilst raoul remained sitting , with his elbow leaning on the table , from time to time gently shaking the flowers from his head , which fell upon him like snow , and gazing vaguely on the charming landscape spread out before him , dotted over with green fields and groups of trees . in her little slender fingers and conveyed it to her mouth with all the innocent artlessness of a	74.81476593017578
child when eating or drinking something which it likes . a moment ; i must start for paris again immediately . ” been a stranger , a foreigner , a simple lord , like that englishman who came to demand satisfaction three or four months since , and whom i killed to get rid of , i should not have taken this trouble ; but i thought this mark of consideration due to you . is to carry out , in a fitting manner , the last wishes of our friend . said d ’ artagnan , “ as there is no longer any fear of being overheard , i hope you are going to let me into your secret . ” have made a <unk> excursion to	62.9183349609375
the south of france may perchance have noticed , about midway between the town of beaucaire and the village of bellegarde , —a little nearer to the former than to the latter , —a small roadside inn , from the front of which hung , creaking and <unk> in the wind , a sheet of tin covered with a grotesque representation of the pont du gard . , gazed silently at her . , this diamond into ten parts of a hundred pistoles each . ” no , ” cried dantès . villefort , with a sneer . the old man . ” and described the combat without <unk> a single detail . you if you ever feel any emotions of terror <unk> ” of monte cristo !	67.40650177001953
, and enjoyed the satisfaction of which he had been ambitious all his <unk> of standing behind a gilded carriage . . count andrea cavalcanti , ” announced baptistin . i decide . ” not believe you ! ” ” regiment , or at least very nearly <unk> will not split <unk> about <unk> him place himself at the head of his men , we will place ourselves at the side of your majesty , and we will mow a <unk> through cromwell ’ s army and reach scotland . ” he cried , “ the usurper in france ! bastion was not built yesterday all the rest of the building was badly shaken . ” ” said monte cristo , “ you appear to be relating an	54.379119873046875
adventure which we all know by heart . think so . ” beaufort come . ” parry , ” said he , “ what is the matter , and what can affect you in this manner ? ” you to take advantage , my friend . all gone off ? ” it was in his majesty , did not prevent the courtiers from ranging themselves along his pathway . to wait for that , ” said andrea ; “ money is as <unk> in that house as fruit in an orchard . ” raoul , putting the sword to his lips as he received it from the count , “ i owe you everything and yet this sword is the most precious gift you have yet made me	47.698062896728516
. you , who risk your life every day , but for me , who only did so <unk> ” , ” replied the procurator ’ s wife , in real innocence . five o ’ clock d ’ artagnan arose , and descending to the kitchen without help , asked , among other <unk> the list of which has not come down to us , for some oil , some wine , and some rosemary , and with his mother ’ s recipe in his hand composed a balsam , with which he <unk> his numerous wounds , replacing his bandages himself , and positively refusing the assistance of any doctor , d ’ artagnan walked about that same evening , and was almost cured by the	76.2856674194336
morrow . on by a ferocious desire of vengeance . me ? ” she asked , in great distress . the count , and deep hatred mounted to his face , as the blood would to the face of any other . answered mazarin , “ desires me to do only what i was going to ask you to let me do . they went with their four lackeys to a spot behind the luxembourg given up to the feeding of goats . high . ” entrance triumphantly into the fort l ’ evêque , whence he delivered the musketeer , whose peaceful indifference had not for a moment abandoned him . by the coadjutor , who is led by madame de guemenee . ” on your return	65.08576965332031
, monsieur count ? ” but i supposed he had returned . ” done with considering ! in his mind planchet did his best to make up for lost time at table . inns puzzled them ; they could not go to all ; how could they guess in which those whom they were seeking had stayed ? ” responded monte cristo with a <unk> air . minutes behind the time appointed . , and i should be very <unk> with those who detained him from me after a three months ’ voyage . ” , sir ; i can scarcely realize so great a happiness . of the room at least twenty times , in search of an outlet of some kind ; but there was none	86.25057983398438
. would be still better , ” said aramis , “ to inform the queen and lord de winter at the same time . ” flash of light , which was extinguished instantly , was seen on the land , and the sound of firearms reached the yacht . seen him before ; and i even think he recognizes me . ” , ” she said , “ i rely upon you . ” ! de condé , who , since the death of his father , henri de bourbon , was called , in accordance with the custom of that period , monsieur le prince , was a young man , not more than twenty-six or twenty-seven years old , with the eye of an <unk> ’	30.01908302307129
<unk> <unk> , as dante <unk> nose , long , waving hair , of medium height , well formed , possessed of all the qualities essential to the successful <unk> is to say , the rapid glance , quick decision , fabulous courage . he exclaimed , jumping off his horse . one end of the train to the spigot , in order that he might have nothing to do but to set it on fire at the opposite end with the match . a most curious one . ” aside the tapestry , sinbad preceded his guest . also defective , you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem . say to an ensign ’ s commission in my guards ,	106.02362823486328
and a company after the campaign ? ” ” said andrea , and he read by the light of his <unk> : . ” , and who knows what future advantages may result from the interview ? humility or great pride , ” said monte cristo . know , ” said de guiche , haughtily . seven o ’ clock in the morning that a rope ladder floated from one of the windows of the castle ; he had hastened to milady ’ s chamber , had found it empty , the window open , and the bars <unk> , had remembered the verbal caution d ’ artagnan had transmitted to him by his messenger , had trembled for the duke , and running to the stable without	49.202144622802734
taking time to have a horse saddled , had jumped upon the first he found , had galloped off like the wind , had alighted below in the courtyard , had ascended the stairs precipitately , and on the top step , as we have said , had encountered felton . had first given him the idea that a special weapon had been employed . , ” said vampa , as he left the cell . seldom seen the young musketeer ; but every time he had seen him , he had remarked a deep sadness imprinted on his countenance . his hands around his head as though to prevent his very brain from bursting , and exclaimed , “ his father ! good , ’ ” muttered	74.98892211914062
the major , “ <unk> ” replied he . know upon what occasion ? ” would love me then ! his trouble . ” they sent mousqueton on before as agreed upon . do not wish to kill me ? ” captivity were terrible ; a few convulsions of rage which she could not suppress paid her debt of feminine weakness to nature . call again , but he could only utter a groan , and he shuddered as the blood flowed from his three wounds . fellow , ” said he to franz ; “ you did not see ? ” very little heed of the eloquent discourse of m. bazin ; and as he had no desire to support a <unk> discussion with his friend ’	74.59672546386719
s valet , he simply moved him out of the way with one hand , and with the other turned the handle of the door of number five . please you . ” he , “ it ’ s done . you attribute this conduct ? ” to him , but they seized hold of her , and one of the <unk> other than the accursed benedetto exclaimed : but in asking for news , i mean , have you done anything for me ? ” the host , and will repeat to him the word ‘ forward ! ’ ” into the world , frequently experienced an imperious desire for solitude ; and what solitude is more complete , or more poetical , than that of a	75.36743927001953
ship floating in isolation on the sea during the obscurity of the night , in the silence of immensity , and under the eye of heaven ? by which you swear ? ” asked mazarin , smiling . since the day he visited albert , and those of whom the latter inquired always told him he was out on a journey which would detain him some days . ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , breaking into a loud laugh , he having heard , as may be remembered , thanks to the broken boards , every syllable of the conversation between the mercer and his wife . caderousse , “ can you without expending one sou , put me in the way of getting fifteen thousand francs	67.74739074707031
? eyes of the musketeer , in spite of his efforts to suppress it , terrified his sensitive <unk> . how long we remained in this state ; at that period i did not even know what time meant . , according to the orders of his master , both horse and mule to the knocker of the procurator ’ s door ; then , without taking any thought for their future , he returned to porthos , and told him that his commission was completed . monte cristo , “ which is precisely the reason which renders your kindness more meritorious , —it is in the country . ” three steps from him , he turned his head round , fixing his eyes steadfastly upon the lady	57.993385314941406
with the red cushion , who had risen and was approaching , followed by her black boy and her woman . he shall live , ” said monte cristo , surprised that without more emotion mercédès had accepted the heroic sacrifice he made for her . ; yes , we shall yet have happy days ! service i have the happiness to render your majesty . not reply . . ” present was an ineffable abyss . stronger , and more inexorable barrier was interposed to cut off the realization of their hopes . a turn—he is obliged to follow <unk> alongside of the canal there is a shorter road . ’ rogliano , neither have i since that day either seen or heard anything concerning him .	126.41673278808594
, rely on the notes he has left concerning you ? ” further interrogations to make , leave me , i beseech you , ” she said . and more extensive and more productive . ? ” asked porthos . approaching the king , his face radiant with joy : the governor . ” d ’ artagnan . to unravel the mystery to which she is attached . could ! ” said he , “ you are brave young men , proud in daylight , faithful in darkness . and that is to pursue <unk> earth to the tribunal of men , in heaven to the tribunal of god . ’ his face ; he asked himself what had become of mercédès , who must believe him dead	53.39341354370117
. , ” said franz , speaking in an undertone to albert , “ that if this person merited the high <unk> of our landlord , he would have conveyed his invitation through another channel , and not permitted it to be brought to us in this <unk> way . say i was a stranger to you . richelieu , “ rest assured that particelli , the man to whom your majesty refers , has been hanged . ” my dear count ; i am at your orders . ” solitary confinement , and to be closely watched and guarded . brilliant and almost sublime conversation you have elevated me above the ordinary level ; we no longer talk , we rise to dissertation . ! ” murmured	91.00889587402344
villefort . become a diplomatist ; diplomacy , you know , is something that is not to be acquired ; it is instinctive . it be ? monte cristo ; “ but what would be the use of living eighteen hundred years after lucullus , if we can do no better than he could ? ” insanity ; but tell me what woman has a lover more truly in love ; what queen a servant more ardent ? ” day after to-morrow is pentecost . ” lackey named grimaud ? ” persisted planchet , who had prudently considered that he couldn ’ t have too much information . ” cried mazarin , “ you are breaking your word to me ! ” ” exclaimed barrois , “ a	68.80445098876953
great misfortune has happened . us talk a little seriously , ” said milady , in her turn drawing her armchair nearer to d ’ artagnan ’ s chair . cristo told you to write to yanina ? ” he exclaimed , remembering the tale of the arabian fisherman , which faria had related to him , “ now , open <unk> ! ” <unk> to the end . ; m. de morcerf has been my friend , or rather my acquaintance , during the last thirty years . continued the coadjutor , <unk> , “ is about to take such measures as seem good to you , but i foresee that they will be violent and such as will still further exasperate the rioters . ” ”	48.158546447753906
that ? ” cried the brigadier . ” said she ; “ you are really suffering , and these ladies will excuse you ; drink a glass of pure water , it will restore you . ” , uttered a slight exclamation , and let fall the pistol he held . . ” said the minister ; “ i will conduct you to her , but remember , not one word of our conversation . ” ” cried the duke ; “ i shall beat you . ” , was this man ? ” asked felton . cristo took from his pocket a small case containing his <unk> , and drew forth two orders on the treasury for 500,000 francs each , payable at sight to the bearer	31.026987075805664
. off , and quickly . make a joke of his want of success ; but internally he was deeply wounded , and his self-love immensely piqued , to think that albert de morcerf , the most admired and most sought after of any young person of his day , should thus be passed over , and merely have his labor for his pains . despise sweet things in proper time and place , i found the supper rather light . ” ? ” ? this recital with a sigh , a tear , or a shriek for every detail . . like him , my dear <unk> , ” said scarron . had approached during this <unk> , stepped back and turned pale as death on hearing	111.04808807373047
porthos ’ s words , for she thought the scene with the swiss was about to be repeated . . ” because he is a bold fellow that he is the more to be feared . ” . ” at its mouth , and deep in the centre , to admit of the entrance of a small vessel of the lugger class , which would be perfectly concealed from observation . death , remained some instants with his ear bent and listening ; then , when the sound was quite extinct , he breathed like a man awaking from a dream , and rushed out of the apartment . xviii. , who , employed in writing a note , did not even raise his head . fixed his	57.19155502319336
eyes on mercédès , who arose partly from her seat and extended both her hands towards him . ” the crowd and i could not find him again . ” he , “ return home . ” yourself , julie , ” said he . my heart is overflowing with happiness . ” you of the ceremony ? ” a daughter . she , “ listen to me . ” after she had finished her religious song , milady thought she heard a profound sigh . this , then , ” said porthos stretching out his hand to assure himself whether a chill sensation he felt on his cheek was not really caused by a drop of rain . between the cardinal ’ s apartments and those of	45.16410827636719
the queen ; and through this <unk> mazarin passed whenever he wished to visit anne of austria . athos , ” said aramis , “ you were meant to be a general of the army ! of men upon whom i can have no more influence than upon statues of bronze or granite ; they know me by heart , and are <unk> against all my weapons . ? ” the door . ” ; you will find mousqueton there ; saddle your horses , put your pistols in your saddle-bags , take out the horses and lead them to the street below this , so that there will be nothing to do but mount them ; all the rest is my business . ” m ready to	60.42363739013672
do what you will , ” cried porthos ; “ even to swear by mahomet . one ? ” ” said the latter . was well acquainted with the country ; he consequently proposed to take a crossroad , which lay between that of lens and that of bethune . fixed on the dictionary . of them ; only a letter , all perfumed and of an elegant writing in small characters , had come for aramis . said madame danglars ; “ but you began a sentence , sir , and did not finish . ” doubtless aware that i accompanied you to the meeting this morning . ” the door ? ” said the baroness . person with them whom i knew perfectly well , and	56.50790023803711
who had , in all probability made their acquaintance ; he was a tailor named caderousse , but he was very drunk . ’ s company of musketeers alone can not maintain a war against the cardinal , who disposes of the forces of all france , and before whom the queen is without power and the king without will . he who watches while i sleep , who labors while i amuse myself , who <unk> everything at home and <unk> france as in europe ? ” with mazarin . ” never known any sinbad , with the exception of the one celebrated in the _thousand and one <unk> ” strike m. de morcerf ; it is providence which punishes him . ” ” interest stirred his	115.81997680664062
blood . , ” cried the procurator ’ s wife , when she was assured that no one who was a stranger to the population of the locality could either see or hear her , “ ah , monsieur porthos , you are a great conqueror , as it appears ! ” ’ t let the cardinal go . ” he left her . any more of them ? ” asked porthos . . xvi . ! my escape by this means , i examined the grounds . hired for you . ” to the chamber of his companion in captivity , he found faria seated and looking composed . athos . blood , the king ’ s uncle ! ” am a bonapartist also , declare one	47.335453033447266
thing to you , which is , that i will kill you . t want any supper , ’ said caderousse . only before sparkling , but now you are brilliant ; take compassion on us , or , like jupiter , you will <unk> us up . ” you are going to save my life a second time ! ” cried planchet . d ’ artagnan that planchet had returned , bringing mousqueton with him , who had heroically borne the extraction of the ball and was as well as his state would permit . the next day at eleven o ’ clock . artagnan struck his hands together in anger and muttered the most convincing reasons that he could discover ; but to all these reasons	50.23005676269531
athos contented himself by replying with a calm , sweet smile and aramis by nodding his head . broken loose ? ” cried a third . not be alarmed , ” said the count ; “ do not let a shade of suspicion or uneasiness remain in your breast ; the man standing before you , valentine ( for this time it is no ghost ) , is nothing more than the tenderest father and the most respectful friend you could dream of . ” was saying , “ listen to the roll call of your judges and address to the court any observations you may have to make . ” her knees , and began to pray . pope , has made him a knight of jesus	96.21961212158203
christ for the services he rendered to the christians in the east ; he has five or six rings as testimonials from eastern monarchs of his services . ” , and came up as soon as i could . ” question , he dragged the table beneath the window . growing ; i haven ’ t seen you with so cheerful a face these five years . ” that at a gesture of your majesty everything will be possible to him . and undecided . monseigneur ? ” of a heavy weight falling on the ground was heard , but no one paid any attention to it ; the nurse was engaged in watching the <unk> analysis , and villefort was still absorbed in grief . on the	77.9974136352539
shoulder , his usual mode of praising ali , who , pleased and gratified with the commission assigned him , walked calmly towards a projecting stone forming the angle of the street and house , and , seating himself <unk> , began to smoke his chibouque , while monte cristo re-entered his dwelling , perfectly assured of the success of his plan . ” cried d ’ artagnan , pale with anger , and with the sweat on his brow , “ it is he ! monsieur ? ” as it appears . , pursued , captured ; he is advancing as rapidly as his own <unk> . me , sir , ” said athos to m. de tréville , in a feeble yet perfectly calm voice ,	58.552978515625
“ you have sent for me , as my comrades inform me , and i have hastened to receive your orders . this the apartment of an honest mother ? , he begged so earnestly to be permitted to visit those on the fifth floor , that , in despite of the <unk> assurance of the _concierge_ that they were occupied , dantès succeeded in inducing the man to go up to the tenants , and ask permission for a gentleman to be allowed to look at them . correspondent in greece ? ” smile of terrible import passed over the count ’ s lips . you know . name i want to know , in the midst of your hundred names , that i may pronounce it	65.3468017578125
when we meet to fight , at the moment when i plunge my sword through your heart . ” athos offered to him , and after turning and turning it over and over in his hands , suddenly cried out that it was bad , and that he would have him and his companions arrested as <unk> . during my whole life in my own bosom , but your brother maximilian <unk> it from me by a violence he <unk> of now , i am sure . ” by to-morrow , but the headsman will be wanting and they will put it off till the day after to-morrow . ” , and as the day was beginning to decline , he approached the window to read it .	62.264801025390625
i came about six weeks ago to plead for clemency , as i come today to plead for justice . in the boat which conveyed him to land , he kept his face toward milady , who , standing on the deck , followed him with her eyes . ” said monte cristo , who repeated to ali in the arabic language what he had just been saying to baptistin in french . athos . , leaving a cloud of sadness hanging over the rest of the evening . grant it ? ” ever make use of the details i am about to give you , that you will never let anyone know that it was i who supplied them ; for the persons of whom i am	46.96195602416992
about to talk are rich and powerful , and if they only laid the tips of their fingers on me , i should break to pieces like glass . ” take refuge in holland , where i hear his highness the prince of wales now is . ” woman , then ; my strength is in my weakness . ” some mischief might happen to you . ” him , avoiding all gestures in order that he might conceal from the governor the paralysis that had already half stricken him with death . its way towards père-lachaise from the faubourg saint-honoré . ; and during its progress the count of morcerf , according to his promise , made his appearance in the box of madame danglars . and	72.7735824584961
one musketeer was wounded . me so before ? be not a smuggler , who is he ? ” placed the superior of the jesuits , and on his left the curate of montdidier . stammered the baron . villefort , <unk> the tones of his voice , “ a marriage once concerted and then broken off , throws a sort of <unk> on a young lady ; then again , the old reports , which i was so anxious to put an end to , will instantly gain ground . from those who love us . ” i am no further than gratitude . ” of a horse struck his ear , coming through darkness and space . feet , and before the queen could prevent him	62.73098373413086
, kissed the hem of her robe . use his privilege . ” cried the king , “ forward ! ” said the queen , who clung to this last hope as a shipwrecked man clings to the <unk> of his vessel . . of the warmest days spring had yet bestowed on the inhabitants of paris , might be seen negligently thrown upon the stone bench , a book , a <unk> , and a <unk> , from which hung a partly embroidered cambric handkerchief , while at a little distance from these articles was a young woman , standing close to the iron gate , endeavoring to discern something on the other side by means of the openings in the planks , —the earnestness of her	73.01390075683594
attitude and the fixed gaze with which she seemed to seek the object of her wishes , proving how much her feelings were interested in the matter . happens to every man once in his life , have been taken by satan into the highest mountain in the earth , and when there he showed me all the kingdoms of the world , and as he said before , so said he to me , ‘ child of earth , what wouldst thou have to make thee adore me ? ’ i reflected long , for a gnawing ambition had long <unk> upon me , and then i replied , ‘ listen , —i have always heard of providence , and yet i have never seen him ,	100.90568542480469
or anything that resembles him , or which can make me believe that he exists . d ’ artagnan ; “ he has already given me good information and he may do the same again . ” mandé was in an exactly opposite direction from st . to meet any persons who may be with madame , or do you desire to preserve a strict _incognito_ ? ” witty abbé dwelt incessant laughter ; there all the <unk> of the day had their source and were so quickly transformed , <unk> , <unk> , some into <unk> , some into <unk> , that every one was anxious to pass an hour with little scarron , listening to what he said , <unk> it to others . said the	109.27713775634766
count , speaking to ali in the arabic language , “ is desirous that her son should thank you for saving both their lives ; but the boy refuses , saying you are too ugly . ” , that duel with the englishman in the inclosure des carmes ? albert , breaking in upon his discourse , “ never mind the past ; let us only remember the present . and gave it to grimaud , who tied la ramee in such a way as to satisfy him . the inquiry , turned back . the mourning-coaches rolled into the paved court , and the rue du faubourg saint-honoré was filled with a crowd of idlers , equally pleased to witness the <unk> or the mourning of the	85.22874450683594
rich , and who rush with the same avidity to a funeral procession as to the marriage of a duchess . pass freely from this dungeon , let me take the place of the dead ! ” <unk> be sent , to the lions the martyr be thrown ! be useless , and instantly determined how to act . the life of his silent companion but what revealed itself . to take my advice , ” said the young man coldly , “ i would recommend you to travel . ” answered de winter ; “ but the case is provided for and i am come to france to seek allies . ” said d ’ artagnan in a whisper to porthos ; “ well answered . ”	67.38911437988281
) quickly as possible ; my slow and stiff motions all attested that the effects of the narcotic were not yet entirely dissipated . his saloon with his habitual court of gentlemen . . , but i , never ! ” me to drop the subject ? ” heat of the summer has dried up , and which after the autumnal storms gradually begin <unk> drop by drop , so did the count feel his heart gradually fill with the bitterness which formerly nearly overwhelmed edmond dantès . ” said d ’ artagnan , throwing himself down by the dying man , “ i swear to you that the wine was poisoned and that i was going to drink of it as you did . ” mousqueton ,	95.17828369140625
who , abandoning his horse on the high road , had come on foot to rejoin his master , “ phoebus could no longer hold out and—— ” left alone so long . off ? ” ” returned the voice ; “ tomorrow . ” the first ; the same nervous movements were repeated , and the mouth contracted and turned purple . ” ! ” said grimaud , who had not spoken a word . the memoirs of this period , which has left so many memoirs , one does not find this worthy gentleman <unk> even by his enemies ; and he had many such among men of the pen as well as among men of the sword . necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any	73.46343231201172
particular paper edition . i think i already know what you are about to tell me . ” the queen . ” yet ? ” on his way . ear , monsieur athos , ” said the cardinal ; “ but now listen to this . of father marteau are described . least , are the first that will fall due . ” villefort , in the <unk> tone assumed by magistrates in their <unk> periods , and of which they can not , or will not , divest themselves in society , “ sir , the signal service which you yesterday rendered to my wife and son has made it a duty for me to offer you my thanks . man who , on the morning of	50.70960235595703
the day when general quesnel disappeared , presented himself at his house . ” disposed to become the most tender of lovers , was at the same time a very devoted friend . hour in this apartment ; they could not long delay bringing her a repast . . ” down there by the wall , in the direction of the catalans ? sound became more and more distinct . , the poor girl extended her arms to him , and believed herself safe ; but carlini felt his heart sink , for he but too well knew the fate that awaited her . twenty more shots were fired , and the flame , rushing up like fire from the crater of a volcano , soon reached the	79.28517150878906
tapestry , which it quickly devoured . you like ! ” arrest the fatal hand of death about to descend on him . ” , is that mine , too ? ” bottles , and our wine in casks ; the beer , the oil , and the <unk> , the <unk> , and sausages . ” , whom he had treated so ill , was one of the tools of his eminence ; and d ’ artagnan knew that while his eminence was terrible to his enemies , he was strongly attached to his friends . raoul . ” let us go—i must trust to you . ” your majesty ’ s pardon , but i wished to receive your commands from your own mouth . ”	50.75236892700195
? ” appears , franz declined the honor . ” and i can even add that i have only just left his company . how suddenly i snatched him from those <unk> which he so imprudently touched ? ” ” the right , my dear friend , ” cried porthos ; “ but where the devil do you discover all the notions you put into practice ? ” ” replied the prince . . , walk along the banks of the river , and then brought him to teresa and luigi , who were waiting for him in the catacombs of st. sebastian . ” guitant , with a burst of laughter ; “ those men must be poets . ” in france , and yet always wear	45.234737396240234
them , for all that . ” them a sign to go away , and i am convinced they would have left us in peace . ” gloomy , and villefort saw the dim gray light shine upon the lines he had traced in red ink . ” cried franz . to go to him without first seeing you . ” touched his shoulder . , <unk> , st. augustine , and gall , have made , in verse and prose , the comparison you have made , and yet i can well understand that a father ’ s sufferings may effect great changes in the mind of a son . hands of mazarin ’ s police a noble lord whom they were conducting back to the bastile	76.7370376586914
, where he had been for five years . ” turn , bowed , and an imperceptible smile appeared on the face of grimaud , who kept behind la ramee . must i live ? i forget the present ; and traversing at will the path of history i cease to remember that i am myself a prisoner . ” good , and compassionate being i have met with ! and let the young gentleman return to the catalans if he chooses . ” ? ” chapter liv . bed and appeared to listen with profound attention . hall when he glanced at the whole body of magistrates and assistants ; his eye rested longer on the president , and still more so on the king ’ s	71.49943542480469
attorney . the door to the house , or from the house to the door , m. de villefort would be obliged to pass by one of these clumps of trees . ; these two can not have drunk all the cellar . redistributing project gutenberg™ electronic works the queen , trembling and very cold , drew from his bosom , inclosed in the same case , the order set in diamonds which the queen had given to lord de winter and the wedding ring which charles i. before his death had placed in the hands of aramis . marry mademoiselle danglars , you would accuse me of intrigue , and would be challenging me , <unk> , i may not be there myself . ” ” exclaimed	49.21842956542969
d ’ artagnan , impelled by one of those irresistible impulses which showed the nobility of his nature , the native brightness of his character ; “ i swear that i would give the last drop of my blood and the last fragment of my limbs to preserve the friendship of such a friend as you , <unk> such a man as you , <unk> ” and he threw himself into the arms of athos . sir , ” replied the governor ; “ and this remark proves that you have deeply considered the subject . salts in his hand . seat himself , free to recommence the discussion after dinner . . we shall be able to make a tour in that direction . ” heart ,	49.82451248168945
be blessed for all the good thou hast done and wilt do hereafter , and let my gratitude remain in obscurity like your good deeds . ” my lungs , had prescribed the air of naples . passed through his shoulder , and mousqueton another ball which lodged in the fleshy part which <unk> the lower portion of the loins . results of mazarin ’ s <unk> . ” said the host , “ a person in a great hurry wishes to speak to one of you . ” in the morning they heard a terrible riot in the stables . those whom you know , and you will see if they are my friends . ” arranged beforehand ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ the people	66.086669921875
are bowing very low to this person . ” s room , two at the door between the rooms and two at that by which the friends had entered . is . ” me ? ” said the baroness , half jesting , half in earnest . again , i was stretched in the same place . , my lord . ” said mme . have been found fault with as too large , displayed teeth of pearly whiteness , rendered still more conspicuous by the brilliant carmine of her lips , contrasting vividly with her naturally pale complexion . the family , and was in the count ’ s possession . d ’ artagnan , “ what porthos says is full of sense . ” hard ,	56.39427947998047
” added she , “ that a man upon whose affection i thought i might depend , treats me thus <unk> and will not comply with any of my fancies . ” still <unk> in the house near the hotel de la chevrette for the discovery of planchet . join our party , my dear beauchamp ? finish this fowl and to drink one glass of wine to your health , d ’ artagnan . ” ” he cried , “ this is no moment for compliments ; or rather , back , for the battle seems to be lost by the frondeurs . ” aside from buckingham , whom she hates as she hates everyone she has loved , the tempest with which richelieu threatened him in	61.33538055419922
the person of the queen . , and mousqueton presented themselves , and received clear , positive , and serious orders from athos . is . ” square was paved with heads . ’ s name ? ” quickly over the cane . bad , ” said athos , after having tasted like a connoisseur and indicated by a nod of his head that he thought the wine good ; “ and one may draw fifty or sixty pistoles from this good man . old friend of yours , then ? ” with all their might , but nobody listened to them . i swear , ” cried porthos , extending a hand like a shoulder of mutton . . him , albert ? and the naked sword	63.33112716674805
, the poor devil perceived he had to deal with a man . thank her , raoul . do together ! ” , captain . , and made , therefore , but a poor courtier . to-morrow . ” i love . sword , my dear fellow . a brother ? fowl . ” were standing on the steps , whilst the unhappy man seemed to suffer dreadful pain and yet to be concerned only to know if he was followed by the monk . rest , ” replied athos . . then , does the equipment of your company consist , monsieur porthos ? ” confirmed all his suspicions , athos returned to the hôtel , and found planchet impatiently waiting for him . ! de winter	52.47614288330078
that his prisoner has <unk> this event not having been foreseen , i don ’ t know what to do . ” i felt a smile on my lips . every <unk> , and his hair stood on end . that planchet may be chosen , more particularly as he has already been to london with me , and knows how to speak correctly : <unk> , sir , if you please , and my master , lord d ’ <unk> . for you , if what you assert be true , ” said the abbé ; “ for i am firmly persuaded that , sooner or later , the good will be rewarded , and the wicked punished . ” . ” continued to see , the	50.60557556152344
image of what they had witnessed ; but little by little the general vertigo seized them , and they felt themselves obliged to take part in the noise and confusion . this strain , sir , if the tone of it is displeasing to you ; i am no more disturbed by your justice than are you by my <unk> . ” the same cocles , good , patient , devoted , but inflexible on the subject of arithmetic , the only point on which he would have stood firm against the world , even against m. morrel ; and strong in the <unk> , which he had at his fingers ’ ends , no matter what scheme or what trap was laid to catch him . the	137.36744689941406
windows at the palazzo rospoli , by way of recompense for the loss of our beautiful scheme , i don ’ t know but what i should have held on by my original plan . ” said the count . , monsieur ? ” yes ! ” to walk with his <unk> piece on his shoulder , behind the hedges which border the roads , and when he saw a catholic coming alone , the protestant religion immediately prevailed in his mind . me an <unk> capital idea ! gentleman being absent , his secretary , by his orders , opened his letters ; thinking this one of importance , he sent for me , but not finding me , took upon himself to give the necessary orders	79.9603042602539
for arresting the accused party . ” death , left 500,000 francs , which were divided between my sister and myself , for we were his only children . and decanter empty ? ” asked he ; “ valentine said she only drank half the <unk> . ” clock tomorrow rita ’ s father will be here with the money . ’ often and often , but <unk> , as we say in italy ; next , after monsieur de condé , comes the duke of orleans . ” showing him the crawfish hung up by the thread : ” said the general ; “ the count of monte cristo ’ s . she ran to the gate . are not what they were formerly , ” observed	59.954872131347656
porthos ; “ everything degenerates . ” by a visit from madame danglars and eugénie , which had been prolonged beyond the time at which valentine was expected . reason for her affection , for marie was devoted to <unk> to that degree that she served her as medium of intercourse with her brother , the king of spain . ” still in confusion and turned around almost mechanically when a fine young man of fifteen years of age , dressed simply , but in perfect taste , entered the room , raising , as he came , his hat , adorned with a long plume of scarlet feathers . entered <unk> together . and tell us all about this signor vampa . ” abbé ; “ edmond	96.96881866455078
related to me everything until the moment when he was arrested in a small cabaret close to marseilles . ” ” he resumed , “ you are welcome , my dear friend ; you will help me to recover my spirits ; to-morrow we will hunt the hare on my plain , which is a superb <unk> of land , or pursue the <unk> in my woods , which are magnificent . room and placed sentinels at the doors and windows . he is already an old man . ” and profiting by the preoccupation into which the sight of the handkerchief appeared to have plunged the two personages now on the scene , he stole from his hiding place , and quick as lightning , but stepping	66.6400375366211
with utmost caution , he ran and placed himself close to the angle of the wall , from which his eye could pierce the interior of aramis ’ s room . the duke believed ; but sleep is a capricious fairy , and it is precisely when one invokes her presence that she is most likely to keep him waiting . of the young man ’ s face what was passing in his mind , and he smiled . a few words to d ’ artagnan when he passed through her chamber ; but milady herself reconducted him through the darkness , and only quit him at the staircase . man to forget a <unk> until he has settled account with the mystifier ; and the mystifier appears	56.016334533691406
to me to have the air of being a certain young gascon of my acquaintance . ” whip ; and in five minutes they stopped before the count ’ s door . , as usual , at his place of observation before the door , his eyes glancing listlessly from a piece of closely <unk> <unk> which some fowls were <unk> , though fruitlessly , endeavoring to turn up some grain or insect suited to their <unk> the deserted road , which led away to the north and south , when he was aroused by the shrill voice of his wife , and grumbling to himself as he went , he mounted to her chamber , first taking care , however , to set the entrance door wide	86.59178924560547
open , as an invitation to any chance traveller who might be passing . my turn and it has sometimes not been disgraced when the hilt was in my hand and the sheath at my side . free himself by a violent push from the encircling arms of his mother , and to rush forward to the casket from whence the count had taken the phial of elixir ; then , without asking permission of anyone , he proceeded , in all the wilfulness of a spoiled child unaccustomed to restrain either <unk> or caprices , to pull the corks out of all the bottles . their name , ” said m. de boville ; “ but did you receive my letter yesterday ? ” ” cried dantès	106.3172607421875
; “ you are <unk> will not die ! around , and thus obliged us to conceal ourselves . . , he sprang toward jussac himself . the count , shrugging his shoulders , “ shall i tell you the cause of all these <unk> ? to strike at him with horrible fury , screaming in a formidable way . buzzing prevailed from morning till night , while m. de tréville , in his office contiguous to this antechamber , received visits , listened to complaints , gave his orders , and like the king in his balcony at the louvre , had only to place himself at the window to review both his men and arms . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ with a	63.4581184387207
thousand livres <unk> do not speak as a spartan , but as a <unk> ” to us to draw our swords in honor of old england you see how we snapped up the proposition . ” his passage open , sprang up the stairs and knocked softly in a manner agreed upon between him and his lackey . he said , “ you have done that which you ought to have done , d ’ artagnan ; but perhaps you have been wrong . ” overtake this gentleman , ” said raoul to olivain ; “ like ourselves he is on his way to join the army and may prove agreeable company . ” ” said albert , turning to franz , “ here is an admirable adventure	50.906131744384766
; we will fill our carriage with pistols , blunderbusses , and double-barrelled guns . grimaud , “ you wish me to allow monsieur le comte to be <unk> ” he saluted and made a movement to depart . the rights of high and low tribunals . before being happy ? ” opening the door of the drawing-room , saw haydée , who had fallen on a chair , with her arms hanging down and her beautiful head thrown back . the gendarmes , thrusting dantès forward . at that instant there was such a <unk> of musketry that one might have imagined the infernal regions had opened . ; i intend going there soon , and since you allow me , i will pay you a visit	87.62566375732422
. it is , ” said grimaud . almost work a miracle ? to <unk> on my ledgers , and my cashier was quite proud of it when i explained to him who the cavalcanti were . , or rather the <unk> of the same man , whom we have <unk> seen as assistant attorney at marseilles . are cold , planchet , you can go into one of those cabarets that you see yonder , and be in waiting for me at the door by six o ’ clock in the morning . ” you <unk> about danglars . ” less important affairs , and the three musketeers repaired to the king ’ s quarters , where they had to prepare their lodging . but on returning	52.4889030456543
from m. beauchamp ’ s , i found madame in tears ; she had sent for me to know when you would return . danglars , “ he is in too much hurry , it appears to me . ” . aramis , “ had they taken effect it would be still better not to compromise two excellent friends like d ’ artagnan and porthos . today , ” said monte cristo to her ; “ are they going to put him in the ministry ? ” to pass away another quarter of an hour , pretended to be reading something that interested him and muttered that he wished they would allow him to finish his chapter . ; it contains the number of my new abode ;	57.63654327392578
read it yourself , ” and monte cristo passed a paper to albert . had made rough work of it ; one man was killed on the spot , and two others were severely wounded . intention was to go out without speaking to the worthy mercer ; but the latter made so polite and friendly a salutation that his tenant felt obliged , not only to stop , but to enter into conversation with him . said the magistrate , with a <unk> wave of the hand , “ and tell me to what circumstance i owe the honor of this visit . ” t know what hotel it is ; all i do know is that i observed some suspicious looking people go in there—— ”	83.15487670898438
letter and read as follows : ” said aramis , with a little look of <unk> , which , however , was not exempt from a shade of hypocrisy : ; the unknown would not name anybody , and pretended that it was to the duke alone he would make himself known . exclaimed an old puritan soldier , whose eyes flashed at the sight of the man they called the tyrant . your moans behind me in the bed , and i dared not turn around . ? ” coming within speaking distance , valentine arranged so that maximilian could see her pass and repass , and each time she went by , she managed , unperceived by her companion , to cast an expressive look at	81.39873504638672
the young man , which seemed to say , “ have patience ! edmond ! ” queen ’ s face ; her fine blue eyes seemed to start out of her head and her carmine lips , compared by all the poets of the day to a pomegranate in flower , were trembling with anger . she should marry m. franz d ’ <unk> she shall marry him . ” said the colonel of the english regiment , approaching the king , who had just put on the insignia of royalty , “ do you yield yourself a prisoner ? ” you are sacred to me . his father ; it was the day after that upon which bertuccio had paid his second visit to benedetto , when	49.17486572265625
the latter was to learn his father ’ s name . then , some apology or explanation ? ” us ? accomplice to all <unk> and purposes . repeated i. oh , i declare to you , felton , i thought him mad ! going to eat my breakfast ? ” asked the host . who tasted any of my dishes , and i think you <unk> them <unk> ” while speaking , caderousse went on <unk> a fresh supply of onions . ? reign of king louis xiv . ” cried grimaud , “ and i will remain beside him here . ” first time you have ever been there , dantès ? ” , ” interposed monte cristo . ? ” . ” the hotel de	49.111244201660156
vendome . in the very direction he indicated , a groan , expressive of bitter grief , was heard , and a woman was seen waving her hand to a passenger on board the vessel about to sail . would fight , then ? ” said maximilian , coming to the count ’ s aid , “ monsieur is quite right . queen ’ s invalid , with a pension of fifteen hundred francs . in the three friends , and athos , advancing a few paces in front of the others , cried in a firm voice , “ who goes there ? ” influence , ” replied monte cristo , smiling . it was a complete suit , for he counted from the ace to the	46.147987365722656
ten . said milady ; and she resolutely entered the carriage . on your mind ! ” said athos . break it off in this way ; the morcerfs are <unk> on this union . ” the blow , then . ” in haste to celebrate a victory , porthos , ” interposed d ’ artagnan ; “ never have we incurred a greater danger than we are now encountering . ? ” for you have not yet heard all . ” positive appointment for a particular day and hour ? ” inquired the count ; “ only let me warn you that i am proverbial for my punctilious exactitude in keeping my engagements . ” rage . had no intention of committing an indiscretion . ” !	57.29629135131836
! ” whatever ? ” , the more entire was his conviction , that the person who wore the mantle was no other than his former host and entertainer , “ sinbad the sailor . ” . were turning blue . he went mysteriously to auteuil . will not ! ” the hotel of la chevrette , where pretty madeleine , the hostess , came to him . more so , monsieur . ” . more than that—— ” and he snapped his fingers ; “ but it is my lord giulio who cares about them ; as an italian he is superstitious . ” make me your confidant , maximilian ? ” said the count , in a tone which showed how gladly he would have been	73.75651550292969
admitted to the secret . , in consequence of the <unk> of her letter , expected reproaches , was much astonished the next day to see the king make some attempts at reconciliation with her . be sure of that . ” ” said athos . ’ s assistant satisfied the master carpenter that those were the men he expected . the better ! ” exclaimed the king . astonished persons present , the young men took the road to the bastion st. gervais , followed by grimaud , who carried the basket , ignorant of where he was going but in the passive obedience which athos had taught him not even thinking of asking . come as rapidly to paris as possible , to inform your majesty	84.97872161865234
that i have discovered , in the exercise of my duties , not a commonplace and insignificant plot , such as is every day got up in the lower ranks of the people and in the army , but an actual <unk> storm which menaces no less than your majesty ’ s throne . , and i alone have a right to raise my voice above another ’ s . ” replied the coadjutor , gravely . put myself under its protection . ” he , “ our syndic is at his post . ” the high position in which she was placed , the more degrading is her fall . the englishman , “ this looks very much like a <unk> of payment . ” the table	60.99018859863281
; he endeavored to introduce it into the mouth of the patient , who , in the midst of his convulsions , was making vain attempts to <unk> ; but the jaws were so clenched that the pen could not pass them . d ’ artagnan to the two friends , “ you may well wish ill to mazarin ; for i assure you , on his side he wishes you no good . ” place where it was not very cold , ” replied porthos , giving his mustache a twist which was peculiar to him . unhappily but too true . of men . . old abandoned mill , with its motionless wings , from the ruins of which an owl threw out its shrill ,	66.66435241699219
<unk> , and monotonous cry . mind was never more fertile in resources than in critical emergencies , swore again that he would try all <unk> means to prevent the <unk> of the bloody tragedy . and dear guardian , how precious and indispensable to me is the remembrance of the years that i have passed with you . why do you object to my doing so ? ” with a smile and taking him by the hand led him into his study . , ” said athos , “ and i regard ingratitude , not as a fault or a crime , but as a vice , which is much worse . ” d ’ artagnan . reassure me when you say that , maximilian ? ”	62.96530532836914
eyes , <unk> raised to heaven , and recognized friquet . him your patronage . ” we shall not be <unk> if we pay our respects to him directly ? ” villefort approached . leisure hours in the donjon of vincennes . <unk> ” you will send him to me . read it aloud . sir , you must have seen plain enough what they had been doing , yet you said nothing , though you were present when dantès was arrested . ” of my friends , but who knows whether they were at home ? ” d ’ artagnan , loud enough for the servant to hear him , “ are you satisfied with olivain ? ” write to you a fourth time to tell you	47.65351867675781
that i detest you . edmond , as i told you , i too have suffered much ; i repeat , it is melancholy to pass one ’ s life without having one joy to recall , without preserving a single hope ; but that proves that all is not yet over . her pocket a letter which she gave to debray . us dukes and peers , ” said porthos , whose eyes sparkled with joy at this imaginary prospect . the baron , on leaving her “ you will not escape tonight ! ” ” said he , “ thus to receive money given <unk> , —an uncertain supply which may soon fail . , never forsook him for a single instant . , the terror	82.9649658203125
which spurred him on , the cries of some of the patrol who started in pursuit of him , and the <unk> of the people who , notwithstanding the early hour , were going to their work , only made him precipitate his course . conference , they proposed to separate . ali , who stood in the lobby , the count took albert ’ s arm . , ” answered athos ; “ madame henrietta is almost no longer queen . ” when d ’ artagnan stretched out his hand to receive it , m. de tréville was highly astonished to see his _protégé_ make a sudden spring , become crimson with passion , and rush from the cabinet crying , “ s ’ blood , he	65.42799377441406
shall not escape me this time ! ” ” returned gaetano , “ the chief , who was told you were a young frenchman , invites you to sup with him . ” i ’ faith , ” said gondy , laughing ; “ but i have , you must know , always had , in spite of my bands , warlike <unk> . ” , gentlemen , you know that i was the means of monsieur de rochefort ’ s escape ; well , i was very near being hung by mazarin and that made me more popular than ever . ” ” said valentine . adopted , sir , ” said the procureur , “ it would greatly <unk> our legal codes , and in that	39.36745071411133
case the magistrates would not ( as you just observed ) have much to do . ” in the first room of her apartments , which was the drawing-room . a man of honor , ” said d ’ artagnan , determined to come to an end , “ and since your love is mine , and i am satisfied i possess it—for i do possess it , do i not ? ” the priest , in a marked italian accent ; “ yes , i have heard that death is in that house . ” in the streets at this hour only <unk> out to meet her lover . mansions built by <unk> in the rue du grand cours opposite the medusa fountain , a second marriage	58.00920486450195
feast was being celebrated , almost at the same hour with the nuptial repast given by dantès . his hands in great satisfaction . drawing-room with that sort of official stiffness which <unk> a formal communication . there ? ” beauchamp . each other , fearing really to abuse the count ’ s kindness . engagement was so much the more <unk> , as there chanced to be on that very night a more than ordinary attraction at the académie royale . we see correctly ; when we are alarmed , we see double ; and when we have been alarmed , we see nothing but trouble . broken that treaty , your excellency ? ” , ” cried the cardinal to the equestrian ; “ i see	104.94157409667969
plainly that , notwithstanding the <unk> years that have passed over your head , you are still the same man , active and zealous . too late , ” said gondy , still unmoved ; “ perhaps i shall have lost all influence ; while by giving up broussel your majesty will strike at the root of the <unk> and will gain the right to punish severely any <unk> of the revolt . ” to my wishes . said one of the men , descending a little path leading out of the appian way . inquired the young girl , trembling with apprehension . the queen was with her <unk> ” a door . the good of the people . ” , who were close to him ?	57.03890609741211
” duchess . ” ” said she ; “ he has a right to pay the dowry , which i shall take with me to some convent ! ” m. de tréville , calmly , “ on the contrary , i come to demand it of you . ” , who , with blaisois , mousqueton and grimaud , promptly joined them , leaving parry behind them , who was to take back to london the horses of the gentlemen and of their lackeys , which had been sold to the host in settlement of their account with him . eat muscatel grapes , ” replied monte cristo , as if the subject had not been mentioned before . chatillon , “ the truce is broken , that	50.60334396362305
is evident ; they are going to fight ; go , then , into charenton , for i shall begin in a short <unk> ’ s a signal from the prince ! ” barriere des sergens to the place of notre dame , and friquet found in it very real enjoyment ; but when at last the regiment separated , penetrated the heart of the city and placed itself at the extremity of the rue saint christophe , near the rue cocatrix , in which broussel lived , then friquet remembered that he had not had breakfast ; and after thinking in which direction he had better turn his steps in order to accomplish this important act of the day , he reflected deeply and decided that councillor	82.13108825683594
broussel should bear the cost of this repast . up . , ” said monte cristo . , i must have some pledge from you which will prove that you think of me ; and that you may not forget me , take this ! ” and she slipped a ring from her finger onto d ’ artagnan ’ s . ‘ oh , it can not be expected that one of so stern a character as m. villefort could lavish the tenderness some fathers do on their daughters . ” replied the president , “ you are no longer in the assembly , and have only to do with individuals ; do not insult them unless you wish to be held <unk> ” but instead of listening	65.33147430419922
, m. d ’ épinay went on , — “ you are still as brave in your carriage as in your assembly because you are still four against <unk> ” the president stopped the coach . , wooden ladder was placed against the window . his reason , ” said morrel . ’ s restoration , a visit was made by the inspector-general of prisons . , my lord ? ” ” that in not going at once to the palais royal he would give comminges time to arrive before him , and consequently to make the cardinal acquainted with the eminent services which he , d ’ artagnan , and his friend had rendered to the queen ’ s party in the morning . soul of the	58.72233581542969
frightened cardinal , anne became alarmed in her turn and would have recalled comminges . that moment been under his hand , he would have killed him . here , ” she said , “ anything but general conditions ; the interests of the prince de conti or of the ducs de beaufort , de bouillon and d ’ elbeuf and of the coadjutor , are <unk> consulted ; but with regard to yours ? ” ? ” days of leave , raoul ? ” whom i bought at constantinople , madame , the daughter of a prince . those gray cloaks , but the gray cloaks held their ground and the marshal retired toward the rue saint honore , leaving four of his guards dead on the	74.90379333496094
field of battle . the duke , “ here i think , is one of my servants who is seeking you . ” those brave french gentlemen who had appeared to him from a distance of a hundred leagues fabulous and <unk> , like the forms that appear in dreams . , and in the midst of the terrifying silence which usually follows a clap of thunder , they heard a knocking at the door . don ’ t fire ! ” screamed d ’ artagnan , throwing open the window . longer any doubt , she cried , in a state of stupor , “ what , my brother , is it you ? ” the coachman of the latter replacing d ’ artagnan on the <unk>	41.843475341796875
of the royal coach . gone to bed and will not go to bed , and wants you instantly . ” <unk> , and was the intimate friend of cabanis . ” if you please , to answer in different order , or i will not do so at all . ” speech , beauchamp bowed coldly to albert , turned his back upon him , and went to the press-room . , my god ! ” ” answered the other . beautiful . s no fear in the daytime ; but at night ? ” you there , ” said d ’ artagnan . to hear . ” of <unk> that the inspector ’ s voice called him to the <unk> . left . have discovered nothing	35.96293258666992
, at least you have had the good sense to <unk> in your suspicions . , and place himself in front of the convent . and fainted . is , however , less terrible than the sufferings that precede or the punishment that possibly will follow . a safe if simple youth . ” the entrance of raoul . concealed behind a small ruin , where morrel had often waited . her to a place of safety , and there , if matters required , make her a hostage . ” said albert . say , if i were in your place—— ” resigned himself ; he drew the corks , and partook <unk> of the fish with the garlic and fat . reply to you , madame	82.13692474365234
, that it was precisely because i was not , that i had cured my patients ; for myself , i am content to say to you that i have studied chemistry and the natural sciences somewhat deeply , but still only as an amateur , you understand . ” it in the paper in the account from yanina ? ” and in a most lavish manner , i can assure you . ” nearer still . continuing that thesis ? ” villefort , “ i was then a royalist , because i believed the bourbons not only the heirs to the throne , but the chosen of the nation . for the queen . , he took the road to the governor ’ s country house .	58.060760498046875
d ’ artagnan , “ i doubt what you say ! ” and feeling in his pocket , he took thence a small pocket-book , which contained ten bank-notes , each of 1,000 francs . ; i have the true idea . ” such clothes ! ” only shut the window . imprudent man ! too much , ” cried hermine , choking , “ you are worse than despicable . ” for every one , except mazarin , to quit the room ; and gondy bowed , as if to leave with the rest . , ” murmured the pilot , “ you should not have done so ; our master will scold us for it . ” escape me ! ” ” said athos , exchanging	45.98884963989258
a smile with d ’ artagnan and aramis , “ it is very clear you acted nobly with regard to the poor lad ; that is like a good master . ” order would not be of great use to them while they were in camp at la rochelle ; that is to say , at the other end of france . was required of her , threw over them her weeds , encircled them with coral , and encrusted them with shells ; the whole was cemented by two hundred years beneath these almost impervious depths , for a revolution carried away the emperor who wished to make the trial , and only left the documents proving the manufacture of the jars and their descent into the	82.88722229003906
sea . replied d ’ artagnan . ” said morrel . here , then . ” <unk> behind a door or an affrighted cat fled precipitately from the midst of the pavement to take refuge behind a pile of <unk> , from which retreat her eyes would shine like <unk> . aramis , and give me the remaining twenty-five . ” gold chain worth about five louis , and the husband a pair of buckles , worth perhaps fifteen francs . made , albert , they should be promptly executed . this <unk> politeness , the countenances of the women betrayed a certain amount of uneasiness ; louvieres became very pale and waited impatiently for the officer to explain himself . again , i say ! ” constance	106.3634033203125
in the world . ” even see her if you like , my dear mr. o ’ reilly . ’ s service , and a most singular change had taken place in his position ; he had at the same time risen to the rank of cashier , and sunk to the rank of a servant . , use it , ” replied gondy . ! ” said porthos , admiringly . be ? ” . porthos , “ this is my <unk> ” doubt we would all be broken on the wheel ; but for god ’ s sake , do not forget , as you yourself said , athos , that we only write to him concerning a family affair ; that we only write to	45.27769088745117
him to entreat that as soon as milady arrives in london he will put it out of her power to injure us . you thus . t know me , sir ? ” first found an idea , and had thought of it earnestly afterward , he was the first to act . campaign , seek out all sorts of <unk> , in short , to our former life . ” one moment before you go . ” he , “ you well know . ” , the turnkey retired . ’ s lodging , which he had been forced to abandon more precipitately than he expected , papers were found which confirmed this alliance and which , as the cardinal <unk> in his memoirs , strongly compromised	82.0622329711914
mme . with his nails , but they were too weak . my boy ; now i have found you , nothing prevents my being as well-dressed as anyone , knowing , as i do , the goodness of your heart . am sure , the fullest confidence in my honor . experienced , at that moment , such remorse for my intention , that , throwing myself at his feet , i exclaimed , — ‘ forgive me , pray forgive me , my dear grandfather ; they may do what they will with me , i will never leave you. ’ when i had ceased speaking , he thankfully raised his eyes to heaven , but without uttering a word . sleeping might have said she	62.99476623535156
was a young girl dreaming of the crown of flowers she was to wear on her brow at the next festival . amongst them , in order to see some other face besides that of his jailer ; he sighed for the galleys , with the infamous costume , the chain , and the brand on the shoulder . painted during the count ’ s absence . château d ’ if behind . as an <unk> ? ” a laugh , and as may be supposed , the affair had no other <unk> . of september ; the wind blew violently . aramis . <unk> us who do not command to-morrow ’ s expedition . ” know ? ” ” locked like gates of <unk> , <unk> of	73.03524780273438
<unk> , come from i know not where , and the <unk> of letters from england , holland , spain , india , china , and peru , have generally a strange influence on a father ’ s mind , and make him forget that there is in the world an interest greater and more sacred than the good opinion of his correspondents . danglars thoughtfully , “ how is it that your patron , m. de monte cristo , did not make his proposal for you ? ” not a man to let himself be killed like that . visits to make and a letter yet to write . room was lighted with <unk> , and the prisoner , with a bit of plaster he had taken	63.856910705566406
out of the wall of his room , had traced a long white line , representing a cord , on the floor . was alone in her drawing-room when the count was announced , desired that her son might be brought thither instantly to renew his thanks to the count ; and edward , who heard this great personage talked of for two whole days , made all possible haste to come to him , not from obedience to his mother , or out of any feeling of gratitude to the count , but from <unk> curiosity , and that some chance remark might give him the opportunity for making one of the impertinent speeches which made his mother say : ” said he ; “ it is	83.81681823730469
five minutes past seven , and the appointment was for eight o ’ clock . ” today , to raise all these melancholy ideas ? ” at your heels ; and your visit , if it should ever be known to the cardinal , will thus seem legitimate . ” to speak . , the truth , <unk> pure truth , the truth of the good god . ” the same , ” said athos , who was an <unk> when things were concerned , and a <unk> when men were in question . for the blood had become rust ; after a momentary examination during which the queen became as white as the cloth which covered the altar on which she was leaning , he put it	59.54605484008789
back into the coffer with an involuntary shudder . require pen , ink , and paper to make a plan . ” ” father , her grandmother , and all the family , had never occurred to her . it is but fair that you should be paid for your loss of time and trouble , ” said the count ; and he made a gesture of polite dismissal . ’ s chamberlain ? ” replied the bishop , with firmness , “ you see him not , because the passions of the world conceal him . ” must live somehow , ” returned the other , smiling <unk> . dantès was delirious ; and placing the food on the <unk> table , he withdrew . ? ”	53.474395751953125
said the inspector . ’ replied the jeweller , ‘ it must be getting late , and i must return to <unk> wife will be getting <unk> ’ he drew out his watch , and exclaimed , ‘ _morbleu ! _ nearly nine o ’ <unk> , i shall not get back to beaucaire before midnight ! stupor creeping over him which brought with it a feeling almost of content ; the gnawing pain at his stomach had ceased ; his thirst had abated ; when he closed his eyes he saw myriads of lights dancing before them like the <unk> ’ <unk> that play about the marshes . repose . ! ” by two turnkeys holding torches and accompanied by two soldiers , and to whom the	112.40943908691406
governor spoke bareheaded , dantès , who guessed the truth , and that the moment to address himself to the superior authorities was come , sprang forward with clasped hands . the wide brim of his hat . seat , pale and cold . , the chief of the people who brought me here ? ” the carriage was opened , the young man sprang lightly out and presented his hand to milady , who leaned upon it , and in her turn alighted with tolerable calmness . to the king ’ s attorney , which the count of monte cristo , disguised as a clerk from the house of thomson & french , had taken from the file against edmond dantès , on the day he had	42.899600982666016
paid the two hundred thousand francs to m. de boville . fontrailles , and the others escaped ; de rieux was inclined to do likewise , but i told him they wouldn ’ t look for us where we were . ” i don ’ t know ; but i understand that she is going to italy . sign that he accepted the proffered honor ; danglars rang and was answered by a servant in a <unk> livery . the fugitives . ” to them this knife , ” said the duke , pressing the hand of laporte . a thousand louis ; you save the lives of ladies of high rank and beauty ; under the name of major black you run <unk> ridden by <unk> urchins	71.03960418701172
not larger than <unk> ; then , when you have carried off the golden trophy of victory , instead of setting any value on it , you give it to the first handsome woman you think of ! ” , one can not win all one ’ s battles ! gives notice to these gentlemen , ” replied barrois , “ that he will give orders to be carried to the drawing-room . ” _had_ one ’ ? take your brother with me . ” mazarin , with admirable <unk> , “ could i but find such men ! ” woman of whom he had spoken the evening before , and who had just arrived ; this woman entered , and approaching milady ’ s bed , offered	68.00340270996094
her services . he was said to possess 50,000 livres per annum ; and his father ’ s immense riches , buried in the quarries of saravezza , were a constant theme . square epistle , resplendent with the terrible arms of his eminence the cardinal duke . the supplication of a despairing woman . , and even the colors of the horses and uniforms were now clearly distinct . these ideas . anything you want ; by paying for it , of course , as among honest folk . ” give a fête on the third of october . tell you that i met m. de morcerf the other day . ” of doubtful <unk> . to investigate , sir ? ” said albert , enraged beyond	94.43958282470703
measure at beauchamp ’ s last remark . followed by planchet . , ” cried d ’ artagnan , as if carried away by his enthusiasm , “ to that of the king and the cardinal . ” going their rounds . ” her , skillfully detached the two great black feet , which she placed upon her husband ’ s plate , cut off the neck , which with the head she put on one side for herself , raised the wing for porthos , and then returned the bird otherwise intact to the servant who had brought it in , who disappeared with it before the musketeer had time to examine the variations which disappointment produces upon faces , according to the characters and temperaments of	84.99270629882812
those who experience it . i will tell you all about it . ” the affirmative . a name , and the head bathed in tears and pressed on the velvet cushion of the <unk> head like that of a <unk> by <unk> raised and turned towards him . to athos , who was awaiting with apparent calmness , but with real anxiety , the result of the interview . to the queen ? ” cried buckingham , the instant he came up , throwing all his fear and love into the question . you think of this , my fine fellow ? ” asked debray of the <unk> , slipping a louis into his hand . during dinner ; he was an intelligent lad , and he	44.64724349975586
feared to utter some absurdity before so many grand people , amongst whom , with dilating eyes , he saw the king ’ s attorney . king ’ s attorney , is informed by a friend of the throne and religion , that one edmond dantès , mate of the ship _pharaon_ , arrived this morning from smyrna , after having touched at naples and porto-ferrajo , has been intrusted by murat with a letter for the usurper , and by the usurper with a letter for the bonapartist committee in paris . in the battle , my friend ? ” inquired athos of the youth ; “ ’ twas not your right place , i think , as you were not equipped for an engagement ! ”	59.44196701049805
he , as he retired as quickly as possible from the reproaches of kitty , “ i must not play the fool . <unk> large dark room situated opposite the kitchen . same sensations , for i felt her tremble . have desired the same horses you came with to be put to one of my carriages , and ali , he whom you think so very ugly , ” continued he , addressing the boy with a smiling air , “ will have the honor of driving you home , while your coachman remains here to attend to the necessary repairs of your calash . ” she said . the look of a man desiring an explanation . . me ? under <unk> of myrtle , which	70.35083770751953
spread into large bushes laden with blossoms , or beneath <unk> <unk> . ! ” reply , but her lover could plainly hear her sobs and tears . person who wanted to speak to him came from tours , we have seen with what rapidity the young man followed , or rather went before , bazin ; he ran without stopping from the rue férou to the rue de vaugirard . , no doubt , the cold sweat burst from her burning brow . to the lamp , my chamber was once more lighted . more . yet of the conspiracy , monsieur ; all the papers found have been sealed up and placed on your desk . demon , ” continued felton , “ or the <unk>	70.8726577758789
benefactor , my <unk> a monster . the highest nobility . man ; they heard the street door close , then m. de villefort locked the garden door , and returned upstairs . swear solemnly that i shall never have reason to repent my recommendation . ’ he <unk> “ not die now , after having lived and suffered so long and so much ! around me in vain ! with an accent that left no doubt of his sincerity ; dantès rose , dispersed the fragments with the same precaution as before , and pushed his bed back against the wall . , ” replied the man , raising his hand to his cap ; “ i am not up there , i know , but i	67.04727935791016
have only just come down . ” seen seated on a fence had got down , and was still pacing the street ; but , strange as it appeared , he cared not for those who might pass from the avenue of the champs-élysées or by the faubourg saint-honoré ; his attention was engrossed with what was passing at the count ’ s , and his only aim appeared to be to discern every movement in the dressing-room . albert , ” said franz , turning towards his friend ; “ what think you of citizen luigi vampa ? ” the street . ” her carriage , and heard her order the coachman to drive to st. germain . <unk> ” ” cried buckingham , “ you have	49.76701736450195
killed me ! ” ? , ” replied de guiche “ and left me at liberty to come to your assistance . instantly to the office of the _lieutenant-criminel_ . it was the medium through which his thanks were conveyed . globe he inhabited , and of which he could feel nothing , appeared to him perfectly impossible . us when we were four together . in a night of love , as it has been given to you . ” not altogether forsaken , ” continued caderousse , “ for mercédès the catalan and monsieur morrel were very kind to him ; but somehow the poor old man had contracted a profound hatred for fernand—the very person , ” added caderousse with a bitter smile , “	59.21440505981445
that you named just now as being one of dantès ’ faithful and attached friends . ” , that from that moment he shut himself in his house , and never went out <unk> , seeking me high and low . the colosseum by moonlight , as he had shown him saint peter ’ s by daylight . , ” said andrea , “ am i to remain bareheaded ? ” ” said the cardinal after reading the letter , “ is that , at least , in this chase , d ’ artagnan has done me one good turn—he has destroyed broussel . is why m. and madame de saint-méran have died ; that is why m. noirtier was sentenced the day he made you his heir	86.57990264892578
; that is why you , in your turn , are to <unk> is because your father would inherit your property , and your brother , his only son , succeed to his . ” to be made marechal of france ! ” ” said caderousse , putting out one hand timidly , and with the other wiping away the perspiration which bedewed his brow , — “ oh , sir , do not make a jest of the happiness or despair of a man . ” in other tombs , ignoble drawers , one above another , where <unk> bestows its dead and <unk> them like specimens in a <unk> ; all that was visible within the bronze gates was a <unk> room , separated by a	89.9098892211914
wall from the vault itself . piercing than the first , now sounded . d ’ artagnan , “ your eminence must expect the consequences of a refusal . ” ’ artagnan the elder i may expect you , may i not ? ” than a league and had begun to <unk> the first houses of the village , the <unk> roofs of which stood out from the green trees which surrounded them , when , coming toward them mounted on a mule , they perceived a poor monk , whose large hat and gray <unk> dress made them take him for an augustine brother . continued the count , “ had i to avenge myself , it is not thus i would take revenge . ” cristo	58.55418014526367
however , marked his coming ; and a slight though meaning smile passed over his lips . who had remorselessly brought misfortune into her family , as though they had been strangers . sleep , then ? in before i am gone , ” said he ; “ and when i am gone , you can open to him . ” i would risk my life for you . ” room with the baron de château-renaud , leaving monte cristo alone with morcerf . ” all ! the first time at marseilles , twenty-three years ago , the day of your marriage with mademoiselle de saint-méran . said , “ m . restrain her tears ; but no evil impressions were taken from her grief as she was	51.20261001586914
known to be very much attached to her relatives , about whom she was constantly having serious <unk> with her husband . will come with me then , maximilian ? ” paces of him , d ’ artagnan , who in falling had taken care not to let go his sword , sprang up close to them . avrigny ’ s glance met noirtier ’ s eye . him ! is perfectly just , ” cried m. de boville . cry , and fell by the side of his mistress as pale and as icy as herself . staircases , upon whose space modern civilization would build a whole house , ascended and descended the office <unk> of paris , who ran after any sort of <unk> from	76.25337219238281
the provinces anxious to be enrolled , and servants in all sorts of liveries , bringing and carrying messages between their masters and m. de tréville . from a superior would retain me in paris . ” ’ s face brightened . continued bertuccio , “ i could have killed the procureur , but as i was not sufficiently acquainted with the neighborhood , i was fearful of not killing him on the spot , and that if his cries were overheard i might be taken ; so i put it off until the next occasion , and in order that nothing should escape me , i took a chamber looking into the street bordered by the wall of the garden . hair . ” said porthos ,	61.02620315551758
<unk> his lips with contempt . you ’ re a soldier . whispered to each other . despairingly . rue des tournelles a house known by all the sedan <unk> and footmen of paris , and yet , nevertheless , this house was neither that of a great lord nor of a rich man . left of the little troop . upon by danglars , who , with a rapid glance at the <unk> old major and his modest son , and taking into consideration the hospitality of the count , made up his mind that he was in the society of some nabob come to paris to finish the worldly education of his heir . ! and ignominy ? ; but i have already told you what	73.38934326171875
that damned magician predicted . ” is unquestionably a man of first-rate breeding and knowledge of the world . ” read that i must be alone ? ” said julie . an effort ; i attempted to cry out . before it could be closed , the lady exclaimed : . ” , and read it with the greatest attention ; then , when he had arrived at the end of it , he read it a second time . sweet voice of renée had sounded in his ears pleading for mercy , or the fair mercédès had entered and said , “ in the name of god , i conjure you to restore me my affianced husband , ” his cold and trembling hands would have signed	74.03314971923828
his release ; but no voice broke the stillness of the chamber , and the door was opened only by villefort ’ s valet , who came to tell him that the travelling carriage was in readiness . a hollow voice . and returned directly after . back to <unk> ” and that tomorrow , before ten o ’ clock , i shall see what color his is . ” murmured milady ; “ i will avenge you—and cruelly ! ” two guns , with all the <unk> for hunting ; a lofty room on the ground floor containing all the ingenious instruments the <unk> in <unk> pursuits , since they are patient and <unk> invented for fishing . time of <unk> and <unk> <unk> . repulsed d	82.30174255371094
’ artagnan ’ s attempted embrace by a violent blow on the chest , as she sprang out of bed . , ” said the latter , with his <unk> tone ; “ how do you do ? ” of the quai des <unk> where the steps lead down to the river . helm , felt to see if the vessel answered the rudder promptly and seeing that , without being a first-rate sailor , she yet was tolerably obedient . ’ s face had not remained unperceived by the banker ; he fixed on him a look of greater assurance than before , and said : , are thine , my adored mistress ! ” was well attended , he looked at them sternly , and made	63.888587951660156
a sign with his eye and hand for d ’ artagnan to follow him . beforehand to my friends as an enchanter of the _arabian nights_ , a <unk> of the middle ages ; but the parisians are so subtle in paradoxes that they mistake for caprices of the imagination the most incontestable truths , when these truths do not form a part of their daily existence . nights ’ . ” are , enemies ! ” said porthos . in another hand : “ see note <unk> can be done . ” arms readily against thieves , wolves or scoundrels , often against nobles or huguenots , sometimes against the king , but never against the cardinal or spain . capital seconds in a duel , devoted	146.92041015625
friends in business , merry companions in our ancient pleasures . ” said the count , “ you have procured me windows looking on the piazza del popolo , as i ordered you yesterday . ” remain on <unk> terms with me , i should have said , ‘ patience , my friend ; ’ but you have constituted yourself my enemy , therefore i say , ‘ what does that signify to me , sir ? ’ ” ’ s uniform and nothing but the manner in which he threw back his head and advanced his foot , athos instantly took the place which was his due and consigned the ostentatious porthos to the second rank . morrel , “ one quits a dungeon in a week	81.52882385253906
, a month , or a year . ” , light me a torch . ” with the patron of _la jeune amélie_ ended , he would hire a small vessel on his own <unk> in his several voyages he had amassed a hundred <unk> under some pretext land at the island of monte cristo . fight , you will surely not object to giving me a lesson or two in shooting and fencing ? ” sixty-six and <unk> years of age , little , rather stout , with gray hair and light eyes . the letter , ” said bernouin , passing back into the ante-chamber . , in spite of the <unk> attention of his host , who presented himself two or three times to inquire	67.87168884277344
if he wanted anything . ” monte cristo , “ that you have fortified yourself against all painful excitement , prepare yourself , my dear m. cavalcanti , to meet your lost andrea . ” of reverie , he remembered where he had left d ’ artagnan and porthos and that they must have overheard everything . ” said the queen . of my journey and of my credit . and fancied he saw him in the corridor , rendered still darker by the torch carried by the concierge . maximilian , “ death came a third time , and neither the master of the house nor the doctor said a word . marvelously well . ” me tremble ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . of a	40.29365158081055
woman who has made so courageous a resolution ! exhortations of the abbé , perhaps his kind charity , perhaps his persuasive words , which had restored the courage of noirtier , for ever since he had conversed with the priest his violent despair had yielded to a calm resignation which surprised all who knew his excessive affection for valentine . raoul . ” with an air of stupid curiosity . ? ” said d ’ artagnan . overcome by this terrible story , remained motionless and mute , while all the demons of anger and jealousy were howling in his heart . me sadly , you know . ” ” buckingham dead or grievously wounded ; your conversation with the cardinal overheard by the four musketeers ;	107.04361724853516
lord de winter warned of your arrival at portsmouth ; d ’ artagnan and athos to the bastille ; aramis the lover of madame de chevreuse ; porthos an ass ; madame bonacieux found again ; to send you the chaise as soon as possible ; to place my lackey at your disposal ; to make you out a victim of the cardinal in order that the abbess may entertain no suspicion ; armentières , on the banks of the lys . , from the fund deposited by me , the sum of a million , and charge the same to my account . no allusion of that kind , ” replied morrel . please . , ” said monte cristo ; “ i remain here a day	66.61985778808594
or <unk> accordingly . ” said my enemy , in a jeering tone , ‘ that ’ s quite another thing . said aramis , “ makes our belief in them a law ; the ghost of <unk> appeared to <unk> , and it is an article of faith that i should be very sorry to see any doubt thrown upon , porthos . ” . of the illustrious dead of whom that magnificent ruin is a glorious monument ! ” you have ordered your carriage at eight o ’ clock precisely ? ” the point of telling athos all ; but one consideration restrained him . de monte cristo have you not ? ” , _au revoir_ . ” had no other hat , he picked up	62.24485397338867
this as he ran , and arrived at his quarters very pale and quite out of breath . in their pleasures , as i thought of them in my troubles . in a few days . ” , d ’ artagnan following closely behind them . private vengeance . how a gardener may get rid of the dormice that eat his peaches . ” fail to move d ’ artagnan . the world he would blow out his brains , and there would be an end . ” the door of those who think my people can rebel , ” cried anne , unable to dissimulate before the coadjutor , whom she looked upon , and probably with reason , as the <unk> of the tumult . you	67.34228515625
not ? monte cristo , with the most gentlemanly air , “ ’ tis not for such trifling sums as these that your banking house is to be incommoded . <unk> for some days ; still , the idea of seeing our dear valentine again inspired him with courage , and notwithstanding his illness he would leave . the valet de chambre , entering the room , “ a dragoon has brought this despatch from the minister of the interior . ” , it is conscience that saves us , for it supplies us with a thousand good excuses , of which we alone are judges ; and these reasons , <unk> excellent in producing sleep , would avail us but very little before a tribunal , when	112.90263366699219
we were tried for our lives . arms . . with three young musketeers , named porthos , d ’ artagnan , and—— ” <unk> <unk> de <unk> , et qui <unk> des jours <unk> , tous vos <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , <unk> à dieu <unk> vous <unk> vos <unk> , vous qui pleurez ! ” lilliers you will send me your chaise , with an order to your servant to place himself at my disposal . ” monsieur , ” replied the <unk> “ a little beyond <unk> ; a charming situation , in the heart of the bois de boulogne . ” object was like <unk> rescue the holy sepulchre . ” with dantès ; he examined the register , and found the following note	95.9530029296875
concerning him : ; but not with men . to forget you ? ” here ? ” asked d ’ épinay . some uneasiness , which , momentarily increasing , caused his mind , instead of being as <unk> as it was when he began his journey , to fill with ideas which were very likely to keep a traveller awake , more especially one in such a situation as danglars . ” said villefort , turning pale . ? ” inquired athos . we to do , and where do you wish me to conduct you ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . , i think . ” better find him out first , since he can ’ t want money . grimaud , “ he is	43.70682144165039
coming out . you will let us , my good planchet . ” , <unk> , that is the word , ” said porthos ; “ for the animal was worth at least a hundred and fifty louis , and the stingy fellow would only give me eighty . ” d ’ artagnan . ’ artagnan remained at the door . , in the english fashion , to leave the <unk> in their cups , the door again opened and danglars entered , visibly agitated . a new passion in your <unk> of vengeance . ” merely <unk> war against circumstances , not men . and mean to get a housekeeper . ” of our companions , who is overtaking us . ” subject . ” murders <unk>	46.3910026550293
committed here , ” said morrel , whose voice , though lower in tone , lost none of its terrible distinctness : “ i tell you that this is the fourth victim within the last four months . have bought enough fish of him to know his name . ” as small as possible , another note on the margin of his horace , and then looking at the duke with the air of a man who thinks he has an idea of his own , while he is only commenting upon the idea of another , said : sir , that two persons exist in you ; the father has mourned sufficiently , now let the procureur fulfil his office . ” ! would not mind ,	80.95401763916016
you added , knocking down a door or a wall . ” than severity . ” the danger he has been in ? ” king and ré . ’ ” which now threatens you will pursue you everywhere ; your servants will be seduced with gold , and death will be offered to you disguised in every shape . i will go . ” . ” horses , i am particularly anxious to preserve the harnesses . ” committing a great imprudence . ” ” replied the novice , “ only i thought i had chosen my time ill ; you were asleep , you are fatigued . ” on purpose to see him , if it is worth while . ’ cried . said cucumetto , ‘	60.824440002441406
have you executed your commission ? ’ just arrived by the route of dammartin , was seated at the same table , and was breakfasting . church , and the affair might injure me if i should share it with any other than a sure friend like you , i write to beg that you will serve me as second . the via <unk> <unk> . of first entering the drawing-room , had not once lost sight of the expression of the young man ’ s countenance ; he had admired the assurance of his look and the firmness of his voice ; but at these words , so natural in themselves , “ your father is indeed here , and is seeking you , ” young andrea	56.2282829284668
started , and exclaimed , “ my father ? , how is it that i have not seen him lately at the baron ’ s house ? ” the brigadier , stopping the servant , “ the person who is ringing appears to want something more than a waiter ; we will attend upon him with a gendarme . sweet dream <unk> by the possession of two hundred and nineteen louis , made in a quarter of an hour , when a voice was heard at the door of the hall , which made him stir . ” said the king ; “ and should i forget you ( kings ’ memories are short ) , do not be afraid to bring yourself to my recollection . as	47.81591033935547
it could to the shore ; but there was not depth enough of water for it to touch land . de winter is an angel ; you know that she is , and i demand her liberty of you . ” , who resolved to allow themselves to die of <unk> death always appearing to them more slow and less sure than <unk> . sir , as you perceive , ” replied raoul , “ and we have but had a little bath . ” reflected on the matter , ” said franz , “ i thank you for your courtesy , but i shall content myself with accepting a place in your carriage and at your window at the rospoli palace , and i leave you at	52.46672058105469
liberty to dispose of my place at the piazza del popolo . ” monte cristo , “ you will see him return to you gay , smiling , and joyful . ” of you . ” i can not , must not be guilty of such a sin . ” caderousse , “ i would give a great deal if nothing of the kind had happened ; or , at least , that i had had no hand in it . was not only the <unk> , but the <unk> of the party ; and as he was a man full of forethought , these trousers , carefully rolled up in his valise , contained every sort of tool for immediate use . albert had employed his time	42.2301139831543
in arranging for the evening ’ s diversion ; he had sent to engage a box at the <unk> argentina ; and franz , having a number of letters to write , relinquished the carriage to albert for the whole of the day . then ? ” apartment . , ” he shouted , “ the queen is signing ! ” a <unk> . ” that ? ” faria , showing to the young man a slender stick about six inches long , and much resembling the size of the handle of a fine <unk> , to the end of which was tied , by a piece of thread , one of those cartilages of which the abbé had before spoken to dantès ; it was pointed ,	54.09699630737305
and divided at the <unk> like an ordinary pen . got up , perfumed himself , dressed , and went to the queen to tell her what had detained him . ? athos , “ are you selling my <unk> <unk> ? milady , “ what can those who sleep wish <unk> happy awakening ? baker chapter 82 . then , madame , ” replied felton , in the same serious voice , but with a <unk> tone , “ do you think i assume the right of preventing a creature from <unk> herself before her <unk> ? hold on board ? ” carriage . ” , you have no cause of hatred against me ? ” , m. de château-renaud , a handsome young man of thirty	59.077423095703125
, gentleman all over , —that is , with the figure of a guiche and the wit of a <unk> , <unk> albert ’ s hand . monte cristo , “ this cross seems to me to be wisely awarded . , ” returned bertuccio ; “ it was a vendetta followed by restitution . ” fair women . the well-known noise of the door , which opened and shut ; i heard , notwithstanding the thickness of the carpet , a step which made the floor creak ; i saw , notwithstanding the darkness , a shadow which approached my bed . ” lest he should betray you to the cardinal ? ” do you know the writing ? ” as he spoke , villefort drew the	63.59634017944336
letter from his pocket , and presented it to dantès . i believe , to a political cause . ” sometimes renders us unconscious to the things of earth . but my messenger is like the stag you refer to , for he has posted two hundred and twenty leagues in scarcely three days . ” of another with a hatchet , but you shrink if your own is attacked with a needle . ” an unaccountable power ; he hated and adored her at the same time . you come ? ’ said he to him . , divided , we may not obtain a <unk> from the queen , we from <unk> , were we all four together , would never be granted . that ,	68.09819030761719
i ’ ll take you to a splendid place , ” said the man with the handkerchief ; and taking the horse ’ s bit he led the tilbury where it was certainly impossible for anyone to witness the honor that andrea conferred upon him . he to the priest , “ i shall keep this cross in my hand till the last moment . , because my heart , which i thought dead , was only sleeping ; because it has awakened and has begun to beat again , because i have yielded to the pain of the emotion excited in my breast by a woman ’ s voice . and as he was very avaricious , he was in an excellent humor . that it is	61.14262390136719
the letter <unk> which m. noirtier wants , ” said the notary . for just five minutes , sword in hand , upon this deserted terrace . ” , to mademoiselle valentine de villefort that you leave these 900,000 francs ? ” demanded the notary , thinking he had only to insert this clause , but waiting first for the assent of noirtier , which it was necessary should be given before all the witnesses of this singular scene . it altogether , ” said athos ; “ but i wish to remind aramis that he can not quit the camp , and that nobody but one of ourselves is trustworthy ; that two hours after the messenger has set out , all the <unk> , all the	67.18781280517578
police , all the black caps of the cardinal , will know your letter by heart , and you and your clever person will be arrested . ” another occasion you can be firm and strong ; but to-day is not the proper time ; to-day , flatter and caress , or you are only a common woman . ” in your turn , if you please ? ” to seek vampa , would you accompany me ? ” crown into his pocket . his speech , but contented himself with pointing his index finger in the direction of the hedge , announcing by this gesture the cardinal and his escort . the abbé in his , and affectionately pressed it . d ’ avrigny , ” cried	73.23703002929688
she , in a stifled voice . mot , she arose and asked for her carriage . as a rule unfortunately . who had treated gaetano ’ s description as a fable , was the splendor of the apartment in which he found himself . mine . ” antoine , he turned round to look gaily at the bastille ; but as it was the bastille alone he looked at , he did not observe milady , who , mounted upon a light chestnut horse , designated him with her finger to two ill-looking men who came close up to the ranks to take notice of him . ” pursued madame g—— with considerable animation , “ you can probably tell me who won the jockey club stakes	93.90592956542969
? ” to say to him . ” these cries , all these complaints , these curses , produce nothing but storms and flashes and that is all ; but the lightning will not strike until there is a hand to guide it . ” my son . ” apology for not having met him , pointed to the corpse under the sheet , and began to sob again . authority here ! ” answered a deep voice , which seemed to proceed from a cloud , so enveloped was the cavalier in a whirlwind of dust . horrible <unk> , he darted like an arrow into the ice-cold water , and as he did so he uttered a shrill cry , stifled in a moment by his	75.34512329101562
<unk> beneath the waves . danglars , in a timid tone , “ how did you manage about the other <unk> <unk> settlement ? ” ” inquired franz of his companion , “ are you still disposed to go to the colosseum by the outer wall ? ” his <unk> being nearly of the same size as aramis , and as aramis was so <unk> paid by the publisher who purchased his poem as to allow him to buy everything double , he sold his friend a complete outfit . it ? ” firmly believe that he knew of my wish to possess this horse , and that he lost expressly to give me the means of procuring him . ” i am going to fight with ,	64.92024993896484
” said athos , pointing to d ’ artagnan with his hand and saluting him with the same gesture . franz , “ the peasant girl who snatched his <unk> from him—— ” command him ? ” . ” to franz . dost thou run about the tops of houses at seven o ’ clock of the morning in the month of january ? ” ironical expression of his countenance redoubled the mirth of the persons with whom he had been talking , and who still remained at the window . had found on passing into the compartment he <unk> was empty . my illness was a comedy ; it would be just the same today , no <unk> since yesterday evening they have had plenty of time	59.81138610839844
to send for a doctor . ” ” gold in his hat , and in going back to the chateau settled the reckoning with porthos , each of them had cleared two hundred and fifteen louis . died a natural death ? ” a sort of smile was discernible on the motionless lips of noirtier . , count ? ” asked julie . i wanted to know . availed little against a more deadly medium of death employed four days ago , which is generally but too fatal . ” was a tremendous clap of thunder , accompanied by a flash of lightning so vivid , that it quite eclipsed the light of the lamp . a glance , that this woman was young and beautiful ; and	77.44232940673828
her style of beauty struck him more forcibly from its being totally different from that of the southern countries in which d ’ artagnan had hitherto resided . , and his silence made almost an old man of him . ; but that is not the question . season ? ” know it . ” revenge would you take ? ” have performed here , ” said porthos , when the officer had rejoined his companions and the four friends found themselves alone . ’ s maid says , sir , that mademoiselle is finishing her <unk> , and will be here shortly . ” ! ” cried the pit in chorus . , and his two assistants leaped from the scaffold and seized him . drinkers .	69.30534362792969
cried bertuccio , whose copper complexion became <unk> “ i go to auteuil ? ” ” then ringing the bell once , “ look. ” said he to ali , who came immediately , “ take that to my <unk> . , i give you a thousand times to guess , monsieur , the visit i received in your absence . ” swim to the shore . ” the better , i feared this little precaution might have been forgotten . ” <unk> so . ” by the cries she made . i will buy it of you ! ” t stir , turn your back to the road and wait for me . ” coadjutor , “ you are avaricious , my good fellow . ” said	50.050071716308594
the coadjutor , “ want it to be thought that i do not speak to him . are trying to penetrate into the mysteries of <unk> , in which i am not <unk> . gondy , “ have you kept your word with me ? ” a loud laugh , which was more frightful than even threats would have been , and he had not ceased when two reports of a pistol were heard ; he had fired them himself , and had killed two men . <unk> italian , who though he very likely dreams of crime , dares not commit it ; and unlike cromwell , who disposes of both houses , mazarin has had the queen to support him in his struggle with the parliament	69.48820495605469
. ” in , if you really wish it . ” chapter xlviii . excellency , ” added he , “ allow me to repeat my apologies , and i hope you will not entertain any resentment at what has occurred . ” three times with her at madame de morcerf ’ s . shadows , the table sink through the floor ; a quarter of an hour later it reappeared , bearing my supper . , but not in sadness ; for from time to time one of those sweet smiles which were habitual to him in moments of good-humor illumined the face of d ’ artagnan . rascal ! ” said bazin , looking uneasily around . d ’ artagnan , “ ’ tis twenty years	39.27254867553711
<unk> have a good <unk> i had the honor behind a piece of tapestry in the hotel de ville , of kissing one of those lovely hands . ” at liberty these two or three days . that that abduction was entirely political ? ” plainly he is not dead . then , madame , to act more <unk> . ” himself no longer , but sank , half fainting , into a seat . planchet set off as fast as they could ; and by making a long detour avoided the wood and <unk> the city by another gate . red curtains which were in madame de villefort ’ s bedroom . the exalted position she had occupied , lost in the sphere she had now chosen	78.03937530517578
, like a person passing from a room splendidly lighted into utter darkness , appeared like a queen , fallen from her palace to a hovel , and who , reduced to strict necessity , could neither become reconciled to the <unk> vessels she was herself forced to place upon the table , nor to the humble <unk> which had become her bed . and when i had finished , burst out laughing . have those letters ! ” my excuses to the count for quitting him , and i pray you to do so also . franz , whose hair stood on end ; “ you , m. <unk> killed my father ? ” truly royal escort . ” having spoken without permission , my friend ,	96.18901824951172
you will please to eat this piece of paper ; then to recompense you for the service you will have rendered us , you shall afterward drink this glass of wine . anxiously for news from england ; but no news arrived that was not annoying and threatening . ? ” then ? ” a great passion on receiving the letter , saying that monsieur porthos was a weathercock , and that she was sure it was for some woman he had received this wound . ” a six months ’ , a year ’ s advance even , and retire to brussels ? . the holy land , and one of his ancestors possessed calvary , as the <unk> did the dead sea . ” should seek	80.61372375488281
m. d ’ épinay ? ” this order so far as to detain in england the ambassadors of <unk> , who had taken their leave , and the regular ambassador of holland , who was to take back to the port of <unk> the indian <unk> of which charles i. had made restitution to the united provinces . numerous , ” observed mousqueton , “ ’ tis not we who have them , but they who have us . ” she wanted . . , ’ said vampa , raising his hand with a gesture of disdain , while teresa , no longer able to restrain her alarm , clung closely to him , ‘ do wolves <unk> each other ? ’ ” ! ” cried m. de	50.00982666015625
tréville , looking at the clock ; “ why , that ’ s impossible ! ” jest , ” gravely replied bertuccio , “ and dare not to utter that name again as you have pronounced it . ” ” one of them was saying , “ that if coysel predicted that , ’ tis as good as true ; i know nothing about it , but i have heard say that he ’ s not only an astrologer , but a magician . ” ” exclaimed albert , “ what can there possibly be in that to excite uneasiness ? ” longer lost in one another , without anyone noticing their abstraction . ” ” asked mazarin . accustomed to assassinate people ; but i warn you	69.77960205078125
i shall defend myself , even against you . ” gong . m. de morcerf , ” said monte cristo quietly ; “ i thought i had not heard aright . ” : are right . by a look . , and it was your grief that disarmed me . these industrious worthies do not pay to their feudal lord some <unk> for his protection ? ” murmured mme . men of the sword was deemed not only the prettiest , but the most graceful woman in france . ” my word ! ” said d ’ artagnan . strokes from its sonorous jaws . their majesties ’ <unk> were to dress , two by two , in chambers prepared for the purpose . see ? —always to	69.34554290771484
wait till the end of the month . ” like the <unk> children build with cards , and which fall , one by one , under the breath of their builder , even if there are two hundred of them . all . ” , come along ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ now we have found everything except money , it would be stupid to be killed . ” wife of the first magistrate in the capital shall not , by her infamy , soil an <unk> name ; that she shall not , with one blow , dishonor her husband and her child . ” ” exclaimed mazarin , piteously . a young girl , was on the point of marrying her , when	49.80542755126953
war came and carried me away . in communication with your witty and agreeable friend ? ; it is enough . ” if a trifle like that could suffice me , i should never have given myself the trouble of opening an account . master is ! ” the brow of bonacieux , but so slight that d ’ artagnan did not perceive it . do with politics ? ! ” the banker was enthusiastic in his applause . <unk> waiting woman , some desponding <unk> ; _ from madame de chevreuse ’ s chambermaid , perhaps , who was obliged to return to tours with her mistress , and who , in order to appear <unk> and attractive , stole some perfumed paper , and sealed her	79.69689178466797
letter with a duchess ’ s coronet . ” part , ” said athos , “ i found aramis ’ s spanish wine so good that i sent on a <unk> of sixty bottles of it in the wagon with the lackeys . and sharp night air , and dantès knew that the mistral was blowing . of really exists , and i offer to sign an agreement with you , in which i promise to lead you to the spot where you shall dig ; and if i deceive you , bring me here again , —i ask no more . ” the count negligently , looking attentively at morcerf , “ is there not something like an execution upon the piazza del popolo ? ” ;	56.235389709472656
that is a matter of course , my dear m. cavalcanti . into the church . passed for a severe but a just man . ” , or seemed not to understand , what raoul said to him ; and raoul could hardly understand his replies , containing a mixture of flemish and <unk> . saw him pass in his new uniform and on his fine horse . sure , father joseph , but his name was never pronounced but with a subdued voice , such was the terror inspired by his gray eminence , as the cardinal ’ s familiar was called . him ! some iris roots i planted here , close to this <unk> , and which some one has trampled upon this morning .	96.07904815673828
done this . ” more <unk> upon the fingers or upon benedictions , hey ? ” been at the height of his wishes if he had not constantly seen milady like a dark cloud hovering in the horizon . say ? ” , <unk> in its cut , though simple and <unk> ; it was not the plain white waistcoat ; it was not the trousers , that displayed the foot so perfectly <unk> was none of these things that attracted the attention , —it was his pale complexion , his waving black hair , his calm and serene expression , his dark and melancholy eye , his mouth , chiselled with such marvellous delicacy , which so easily expressed such high disdain , —these were what fixed	139.60546875
the attention of all upon him . a long time , d ’ artagnan . ” ; he saw that he was no match for monte cristo in an argument of this sort , and he therefore hastened to turn to subjects more congenial . , maximilian , i will follow you . is it ? ” they smell so extraordinary in this soup ? ” said porthos , at the sight of a pale liquid , abundant but entirely free from meat , on the surface of which a few crusts swam about as rare as the islands of an archipelago . was constantly threatened with divorce , exile , and trial even , turned pale under her rouge , and could not refrain from saying ,	74.91854858398438
“ but why this visit , sire ? that in the attack of last night eight or ten frenchmen were killed , and as many rochellais . ” as your host , ” returned albert , ringing the bell , while lucien turned over , with his <unk> cane , the papers that lay on the table . of money to bring matters to an end with louis xii . friend porthos . saw valentine ; for two years i have loved her , for two years i have seen written in her heart , as in a book , all the virtues of a daughter and wife . going to take him to a villa a league from rome ; the frenchman assured him he would follow	53.92612838745117
him to the end of the world . , ” asked anne of austria , “ yield to the storm , buy peace , and patiently and piously await better times ? ” of <unk> . ; but it appears that in prison he made the acquaintance of a rich englishman , and as in prison he fell sick , and dantès took the same care of him as if he had been his brother , the englishman , when he was set free , gave this stone to dantès , who , less fortunate , died , and , in his turn , left it to us , and charged the excellent abbé , who was here this morning , to deliver it . ’ and kissed	61.95079040527344
his brow . you should always strive to see clearly around you . s name was—— ” the way to let the mercer pass . , as i left without having been able to hear anything of him . sixth and seventh left <unk> , as your countrymen do , you must have struck higher or lower , and life is very <unk> in these lawyers , or rather there is no truth in anything you have told <unk> was a fright of the imagination , a dream of your fancy . thank thee that he knows me only . ” of sending to paris , he carefully preserved the petition that so fearfully compromised dantès , in the hopes of an event that seemed not unlikely ,	123.404296875
—that is , a second restoration . the navy and i have some vague notions about navigation . ” of monte cristo ? ” friend . , then almost a deserted town , built entirely on the heights ; what is now called the lower town did not then exist . and fastened on the mask that scarcely equalled the pallor of his own face . i must say , ” said caderousse , beginning the conversation , with that brutality of the common people in which curiosity <unk> all diplomacy , “ you look uncommonly like a rejected lover ; ” and he burst into a hoarse laugh . you only bought this house five or six days ago ? ” make <unk> , my dear prince	97.10717010498047
, it is my settled <unk> ’ ” andrea bit his lips . , but we can not make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states . ” dead with fatigue , but hope supported them . , and i sat down to table . retreated a second step . morcerf . ” looking for porthos , porthos would have stationed himself in one of the finest <unk> and we could easily have traced him . name , ” answered julie , looking earnestly at the count , “ than that at the end of his letter— ‘ sinbad the sailor . ’ ” was noted for his rigid observance , not only of the obligations imposed on a soldier , but	62.102935791015625
also of the duties of a man ; and he thus gained the name of “ the <unk> ” we need hardly say that many of those who gave him this epithet repeated it because they had heard it , and did not even know what it meant . and melancholy laugh , her arms stiffened and twisted , her head fell back on her chair , and she remained motionless . puritan to a frightful extent , ” said aramis . a few words , but was not heard . wait , ” replied valentine , who revived at these words ; “ there are so many things which may save unhappy beings such as we are . ” but these suspicions appeared to be disagreeable to	62.06882858276367
monsieur the commissary , and i no longer have them . ” by a private entrance , closed the door of the study , and soon the rustling of a dress announced the arrival of valentine . wine ! ” and he seized by the neck the last bottle that was left , put it to his mouth , and emptied it at a single draught , as he would have emptied an ordinary glass . over what is the best thing to be done ; you will give me your advice , will you not , and if possible extricate me from my unpleasant position ? it , ” replied d ’ artagnan . fellow , it is not at all incredible . ” said aramis ,	35.66836166381836
“ yes , you are right . fear of pursuit ; nobody ever came into milady ’ s apartment before nine o ’ clock , and it would require three hours to go from the castle to london . at your service , gentlemen , ” said he . intercepted by french telegrams to the pontifical authorities ? ” letter ? ” come here , climb up to the window again and tell us if mordaunt is alone and whether he is preparing to go out or go to bed . said the procurator ’ s wife . m. morrel , i shall always have the greatest respect for those who possess the owners ’ confidence . ” you , ” said monte cristo graciously , “ and	45.1407585144043
pocket them. ” and he placed the bonds in his pocket-book . not come to visit the comte de la fere , but the comte de la fere will be sent for to visit him . ” ” said aramis , “ how are we to act ? ” richelieu ’ s former anxiety , and forced him in spite of himself once more to turn his eyes to the other side of the sea . , “ very well , you shall have it . ” ’ , ” interrupted the count ; “ you have done a little of everything in your life . ” with delight , an offer made to him by his friend the steward of the duc de grammont , to give	30.496707916259766
him a substitute ; he also spoke of it to monsieur de chavigny , who promised that he would not oppose it in any <unk> is , if he approved of the person proposed . dinner he entered in person . in here , as if you were about to penetrate a crowded <unk> ? ” ! interview , ” said andrea to the worthy steward ; “ i wish the troublesome fellow were at the devil ! ” you by his dignity . ” on a camp bed , dressed in his black doublet , <unk> , <unk> , with his felt hat beside him , lay the king , overcome by sleep and fatigue . ? deep shadow , was the outline of a masculine figure	78.02534484863281
; but the features of this latter personage it was not possible to distinguish . young girl had attracted the attention of the whole house , and even the occupants of the boxes leaned forward to scrutinize her magnificent diamonds . the abbess , and went to bed , softly rocked by the ideas of vengeance which the name of kitty had naturally brought to her thoughts . raoul lay , unfortunately , he could neither draw his sword from the scabbard , nor his pistols from their holsters . to leave the rue du helder without taking anything with you . room resumed its obscurity . if in prayer . and a stranger to such a degree , that this is the first time i have ever	66.29551696777344
been at paris . should suffer the least inconvenience or uneasiness on my account ! , a small craft from dunkirk bound for boulogne . , we all know that your views have a religious <unk> . ” ” he said , and put it in his pocket . more money and that they will be welcome . ” ? ” cried the king , whose face was lighted up , in spite of himself , by a flash of joy . , why i must decline your polite invitation , which is especially attractive to me , because nothing is so wearisome as to play night after night with the same person ; the chances always balance and at the month ’ s end nothing is gained	78.8587417602539
or lost . ” baroness ? ” , it is necessary , ” cried the queen ; “ but how am i to act ? equipage is waiting , ” said mousqueton . silence , during which the two men looked at each other , as if to make a preliminary acquaintance , after which d ’ artagnan bowed , as a sign that he listened . reply , but his voice died on his lips , and he could not utter a word . say i must do so , madame , i only came to remind you of your promise for saturday . ” carriage up quietly , and took out of it a little man , stout , short , elderly , and commonly dressed	43.35029602050781
in clothes of a dark color , who ascended the ladder very carefully , looked suspiciously in at the window of the pavilion , came down as quietly as he had gone up , and whispered , ‘ it is she ! ’ immediately , he who had spoken to me approached the door of the pavilion , opened it with a key he had in his hand , closed the door and disappeared , while at the same time the other two men ascended the ladder . upon her bosom , “ my heart beats so i can not walk . ” , you will sup with me , will you not ? ” asked aramis . be sure , ” said the gascon , “ means	36.36948776245117
something . ” but my tongue was frozen . person who was assassinated one evening on leaving a bonapartist meeting to which he had been invited on the supposition that he favored the cause of the emperor ? ” <unk> is the poisoner ! glittering with the rain which had recently fallen , and the refreshed herbs sent forth their perfume with additional energy . suffice to apprise them ; will you go for them yourself , or shall you send ? ” he would listen . say it was the cause of your imprisonment . amorous projects for the mercer ’ s wife , he did not forget his friends . nothing and entered the tent . horse ; not for a kingdom ! the general ’	90.24964904785156
s tent , his heart beating and his eyes sparkling with joy . my word ? ” said tréville , with a brow flushed with anger . crossed close to the hilts , and as d ’ artagnan stood firm , it was his adversary who made the retreating step ; but d ’ artagnan seized the moment at which , in this movement , the sword of bernajoux deviated from the line . forth ; he cast himself on the ground , weeping bitterly , and asking himself what crime he had committed that he was thus punished . it ? ” are coarse , like every nation that <unk> beer . ” in paris ? ” with a fatal gift , she brought misfortune upon everything	64.78192901611328
she touched . to drink ; i give you my word . ” with the omelet of crevecoeur ? ” a prince of the church ! may please to command me , ” was the reply . ” continued the prince , laughing , “ and i appoint you from this moment my interpreter . ” with so remarkable a person as yourself . ” tranquillity in paris itself . , “ do you think so ? ” . ” england , and to inform him as soon as the duke leaves london . ” ” said the deputy , as dantès took his hat and gloves . must have been mad , senseless , to believe that snow would become animated or marble warm ; but what	48.822662353515625
then ! , and we may reach the palazzo by two o ’ clock . way . ” he disappeared , and then touched a spring in a panel made to look like a picture , which , in sliding partly from the frame , discovered to view a small opening , so cleverly contrived that it revealed all that was passing in the drawing-room now occupied by cavalcanti and andrea . he comes back you will kill him , you are so skillful and so brave . ” paris ; four days to go , and the same to return , with one day to discharge the commission entrusted to me , is all the time i shall be absent . , but i only speak of	64.12313842773438
him in order that i may introduce the name of another man . surprised than ever at the tone and manners of the abbé d ’ herblay , which contrasted so strongly with those of the musketeer aramis , remained staring with wide-open eyes at the face of his friend . tell you . ” had undoubtedly been acceded to by an affirmative sign , for in firm , sonorous accents , which vibrated in the depths of athos ’ s heart , the king began his speech , explaining his conduct and <unk> the welfare of the kingdom . embroidered with flowers of gay colors , which were rather faded , fell from the wide windows ; the <unk> of the room were simple , but in	71.49394989013672
excellent taste . woman and a young girl dressed in black , the one as a widow and the other as an orphan , have re-entered their cell . and a great <unk> ? shared his master ’ s apprehensions . will enable me to reach the king ’ s presence without all the formalities of demanding an audience ; that would occasion a loss of precious time . ” convent . ” in our <unk> bonacieux ? ” morrel ; “ you disapprove of this second project , as you did of the first ? ” he gave up the name of porthos ! ” for the twenty-fourth ; but i have reflected that the more promptly the affair takes place the more sure it will be	78.54841613769531
. saying you wished to leave this place . ” errand , and exchanged a hearty shake of the hand with edmond , danglars and caderousse took their places beside fernand and old dantès , —the latter of whom attracted universal notice . the full project gutenberg™ license as specified in paragraph 1.e.1 . , ” said d ’ artagnan , wasting his strength in useless efforts . ! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ don ’ t you see they are aiming ? ” a sign , which signified , “ that was on account of the affair about which i spoke to you . ” . ” dandré , ” said louis xviii. , “ blacas is not yet convinced ; let us proceed ,	46.1025390625
therefore , to the usurper ’ s <unk> ” the minister of police bowed . showed by its expression that he was not deceived by the false assent given by madame de villefort ’ s words and manner to the motives which she supposed him to entertain . long to wait , ” said the landlord ; “ they begin to-morrow . ” not be separated for an instant . ” ” that letter , madame ; time <unk> . ” . monsieur de flamarens to athos , “ if we are mistaken the error has originated with the queen . lord , ” replied d ’ artagnan . me , dear d ’ artagnan , if it is not to your <unk> ‘ _non inutile est desiderium	50.789459228515625
in oblatione_ ’ ; that is , ‘ a little regret is not <unk> in an offering to the lord . ’ ” lose . , ” murmured the commissary ; “ _pardieu_ , that ’ s true . ” ? ” said she . placed his hand upon his heart , which was breaking , and at once perceived all the treachery . ? ” said she ; “ and you stopped there ? ” ” returned monte cristo , “ since i know nothing at all of it . ” orders to arrest her and would have cut off her head had she not escaped with her <unk> kitty ! athos , “ don ’ t you hear monsieur de busigny , who does you the	34.66241455078125
honor to ask you a question ? see if anybody partook of his opinion ; but on the contrary , he saw nothing but eager eyes which were devouring , in anticipation , that sublime fowl which was the object of his contempt . said the president ; “ will you answer that question ? ” must wait for daylight to renew my search . i have reflected ; i renew the affair ; i obtain the letter , and i run directly to the cardinal . ” could be the significance of this purse , with the paper at one end and the large diamond at the other . ” what morrel suffered during this enumeration . . you dug your way a distance of fifty feet	69.05404663085938
to get here ? ” well-known voice above him pronounced these words : the cannon which announced the fatal event , she had ordered the anchor to be weighed . jingling of spurs was heard on the stairs . you mean to do ! ” said she . promise , maximilian . ” the works of modern artists ; there were landscapes by <unk> , with their long <unk> and tall trees , their <unk> oxen and marvellous skies ; delacroix ’ s arabian cavaliers , with their long white <unk> , their shining <unk> , their damasked arms , their horses , who tore each other with their teeth while their riders contended fiercely with their maces ; <unk> of <unk> , representing notre dame de paris	123.49447631835938
with that vigor that makes the artist the rival of the poet ; there were paintings by <unk> , who makes his flowers more beautiful than flowers , his <unk> more brilliant than the sun ; designs by decamp , as vividly colored as those of <unk> <unk> , but more poetic ; <unk> by <unk> and <unk> , representing children like angels and women with the features of a virgin ; sketches torn from the album of <unk> ’ “ travels in the east , ” that had been made in a few seconds on the saddle of a <unk> , or beneath the dome of a <unk> a word , all that modern art can give in exchange and as recompense for the art lost and	141.951416015625
gone with ages long since past . dantès , with astonishment , “ do you possess any ? ” effect , i do not see the means . ” catholics , i believe ? ” ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ was not a man . ” de <unk> , and monte cristo hastened to join bertuccio . of an artist , the exact and strict costume of teresa had a very different character from that of carmela and her companions ; and teresa was frivolous and coquettish , and thus the embroidery and muslins , the cashmere <unk> , all dazzled her , and the reflection of sapphires and diamonds almost turned her giddy brain . will bring us peace ; when we have peace we	74.36026763916016
shall regain paris ; with paris , the bastile , and our four <unk> shall <unk> therein . ” drink , he saw that his hair had become entirely white . seated in the vehicle , she drew from her pocket a very thick black veil , which she tied on to her straw bonnet . i have lighted the match ? ” a smile yet more terrible than his anger , “ it is true , then ; you do not deny it ! ” she moved forward . spoke in this manner to soothe the grief of d ’ artagnan . sign that order without remorse ? ” . ” sire , ” said he . wrong , father , ” she said , “ that	48.1369514465332
you should take this key from me ? ” well received . of the guardhouse was opened and one of the soldiers was summoned away . after the count entered . . can you conceal me ? ’ is about the distance that separates your chamber from mine ; only , unfortunately , i did not <unk> aright ; for want of the necessary geometrical instruments to calculate my scale of proportion , instead of taking an <unk> of forty feet , i made it fifty . entered the ground floor room , the cardinal , without asking further information , ascended the staircase like a man who has no need of having his road pointed out to him . athos “ we only carried off his mother	112.81275939941406
; the king has spoiled him of his name and property . ” <unk> that master edward was repeating when he referred to king mithridates , ” continued the count , “ and you interrupted him in a quotation which proves that his tutor has by no means neglected him , for your son is really advanced for his years . ” m. de salvieux ’ s letter , embraced renée , kissed the marquise ’ s hand , and shaken that of the marquis , started for paris along the aix road . hundred francs to each of these good fellows , ” said morrel . mazarin , “ i do believe he is going off with the diamond ! ” said athos , “ that ’	71.53783416748047
s a proposition that pleases me ; not that i can accept it , but a league off it savors of the gentleman . ’ cried he , ‘ guardian of the fire , do your duty ! ’ — ‘ selim is dead , ’ replied a voice which seemed to come from the depths of the earth , ‘ and you are lost , ali ! ’ at the same moment an explosion was heard , and the flooring of the room in which my father was sitting was suddenly torn up and shivered to <unk> troops were firing from underneath . birth of andrea <unk> your son ; is not his name andrea ? ” most devoted servant , in black and with a gravity	82.27835845947266
that <unk> ill , entered , bowed to the king , and <unk> a parchment , read the sentence , as is usually done to criminals before their execution . you of his origin but what he is . ” ! ” were informed of the honor accorded them . aramis , “ i have had the occasion to observe to you more than once that you are very indiscreet ; and that is <unk> to you among the women . ” though you prayed that a physician might only be called upon to prescribe for <unk> , <unk> , and the <unk> of <unk> , or any other slight affection of the epidermis . i have been a coward ; i have denied god and he has	67.21504974365234
abandoned me . ” said— “ that is not my name , and in my country it bodes ill fortune , they say , to call a young girl by the name of her betrothed before he becomes her husband . men represented the body of the army , whilst olivain , with his rifle upon his knee and his eyes upon the watch , protected the rear . , d ’ artagnan was wrapped in a sort of gray cloak ; the swiss was six feet high , d ’ artagnan was hardly more than five ; the swiss considered himself on his own ground and regarded d ’ artagnan as an intruder . clock then , if you please ; i should like it early ,	88.39680480957031
as i am going into the country tomorrow . ” to communicate to her majesty , something secret and <unk> mission that could be confided only to a sure <unk> so has sent me to saint germain . present , ” replied the count , walking upon tiptoe towards the library door , and smiling with an expression so sad and paternal that the young girl ’ s heart was filled with gratitude . sell out here ? ” but i looked through the keyhole , and saw him so pale and haggard , that believing him very ill , i went and told m. morrel and then ran on to mercédès . ; he had been apprised by the groom of the last stage of the count	58.034629821777344
’ s approach . said morcerf . do is , to keep our own counsel , and remain perfectly quiet , not breathing a word to any living soul ; and you will see that the storm will pass away without in the least affecting us . ” of a young woman who was carried off one night ? ” porthos , “ as for me , i could go out with that purity and that simplicity which it seems to me you despise too much . ” ” answered athos , “ your majesty has guessed aright . ” , ” he repeated ; “ i placed it in the chest , which was to take the place of a coffin ; i descended to the garden	44.23590087890625
, i dug a hole , and then flung it down in haste . you have a very handsome mistress ! ” the paper he put spurs to his horse , which leaped in astonishment at such an unusual <unk> , and shot away with the rapidity of an arrow . dealer ’ s ? ” his lessons <unk> , and i will <unk> him , or he must never set his foot again in my house ; —do you understand , madame ? ” , d ’ artagnan . ” the old ones destroyed , and the poor <unk> found himself with three months before him to collect his resources . here with that purpose ? ” aramis , taking the same graceful position in his easy	57.45943832397461
chair that he would have assumed in bed , and complacently examining his hand , which was as white and plump as that of a woman , and which he held in the air to cause the blood to descend , “ now , as you have heard , d ’ artagnan , monsieur the principal is desirous that my thesis should be dogmatic , while i , for my part , would rather it should be ideal . he had been imprisoned , what might he not have accomplished ? on the centre table . to discharge our cargo in the night , and to convey it into the town , by the help of the innkeeper with whom we were connected . a friend ? ”	57.564002990722656
she asked in a tone full of mournful dignity . token of assent . the staircase , and listened . hope , ” said aramis , “ that with the help of god and of bazin we shall find something better than that in the <unk> of the worthy jesuit fathers . the other soldier , and the perils they had encountered . albert ; “ your breakfast shall be waiting . ” niece , ” continued aramis . she , throwing back her veil , — “ yours , which i alone , perhaps , have not forgotten . , then , ” resumed aramis with politeness mingled with a little impatience . it likely , sir ; mademoiselle de villefort is not very fond of society	48.88369369506836
, and we very seldom go out , ” said the young lady . , albert . know , ” he said , “ an idea , a supposition , is sufficient . ” rupture of a <unk> on the <unk> of the brain has destroyed all this , not in a day , not in an hour , but in a second . , i met them in the lobby after the conclusion of the piece ; and hang me , if i can guess where you took your notions of the other world from . said the traveller , ‘ am called sinbad the sailor . ’ ” to be despised , in my opinion . ” the sudden fall from 409 to 206 ? ”	49.121665954589844
asked monte cristo . the king and with the remainder sweep away this mob for me . ” a shadow to appear among the trees , and awaiting with anxiety the sound of a light step on the gravel walk . us say , was this worthy gentleman accused of deriving personal advantage from the <unk> of his <unk> . s adventures . not to give too uncomfortable an importance to this observation : gutenberg™ electronic works , and the medium on which they may be stored , may contain “ defects , ” such as , but not limited to , incomplete , inaccurate or corrupt data , transcription errors , a copyright or other intellectual property infringement , a defective or damaged disk or other medium	71.91117095947266
, a computer virus , or computer codes that damage or can not be read by your equipment . the pistol between his teeth . ” replied milady , “ to true love . ” the antechamber , although he had no one with him , for the simple reason that the king ’ s procureur always makes everyone wait , and after passing a quarter of an hour in reading the papers , he ordered m. morrel to be admitted . on the letter . i did my duty . replied monsieur de bouillon , “ sacrifice one ’ s comfort to the public good ; but i confess to you i am now almost exhausted . ” how it is , ” answered albert , “	44.050479888916016
it comes to the same thing in the end . to the word , d ’ artagnan thrust the remnant of his sword into its scabbard , picked up his hat and ran down the stairs , followed by the others . eminence d ’ artagnan perceived a group of people collected on the other side of the moat , in front of that part of the donjon which looks toward saint <unk> . hypocrite , ” said andrea ; “ you love me ! ” speaking of , harnessed to the count ’ s carriage ! ” villefort to valentine , who could not conceal her joy ; “ if m. noirtier wishes to communicate anything which would delay your marriage , i forbid you to understand	52.57257843017578
him . ” ’ s the right thing . artagnan . apparitions ? ” asked athos of porthos . to me , ” said he , “ and tell him to get ready for a journey . ” a hope that in italy , as elsewhere , there might be an exception to the general rule . that he hoped the beverage would be mortal , and that he sought for death to deliver him from a duty which he would rather die than fulfil . resemblance with the fantastic heroes of the english poet , the count seemed to have the power of fascination . since we heard from his mistress , ” said athos , in a low voice . had placed before them traced out	48.867496490478516
in glowing drops to d ’ artagnan a fine <unk> , shining with <unk> and pistoles , and showed to porthos a blue ribbon and a <unk> mantle ; they were , in fact , asleep on the table when the servants came to light them to their bed . terrible one , mr. mordaunt , and touches me keenly ; but happily for you , you serve an all-powerful master ; he ought to aid you in your search ; we have so many means of gaining information . ” fear that the punishment inflicted upon ravaillac may deter anyone who might entertain the idea of imitating him ? ” i did not leave him ? ” with me ? ” said she . now the delight	88.30487823486328
of speed , ” said morcerf , and the last cloud disappeared from his brow ; “ but where the devil do you get such horses ? one who had more than any contributed to the death of my father , ” said haydée , in a tone of <unk> anger . that dantès was on board a smuggler . <unk> continually with his hidden poniard . the servant , “ i have a favour to ask you . ” , ” said aramis ; “ and it is a rather difficult matter . and found the first room empty and deserted . the bedchamber by an invisible door on the staircase ; it was evident that every precaution had been taken . , louis , ” said	46.08004379272461
the queen , “ for you must be awakened very early . ” her own room , valentine , having once gained her liberty , entered the gallery , and , opening a small door at the end of it , found herself at once in the garden . produced and distributed project gutenberg™ ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support . said andrea , “ i have been dining at <unk> , and expected to catch the coach which passes by at midnight , but like a fool i have lost my way , and have been walking for the last four hours in the forest . me ! ” said milady to herself , at the height of joy at having obtained so quickly	63.29363250732422
such a great result . ” o ’ clock in the afternoon , and although the day was brilliant out-of-doors , we were enveloped in the gloomy darkness of the cavern . give him that card and this sealed paper . it was evident that he was thinking of other things as he listened to his friend and moved toward de winter . you a question . ” said morrel . that ? ” constancy niche itself next ? ” murmured athos . said aramis , “ i am alone in the world and have only your majesty to serve . ” ’ t say i had much choice of going or not going , for i was taken to him between two guards . understood the old	54.788612365722656
man ’ s meaning . had never been on strict terms of friendship ; still , the death of one old man always considerably affects another . ” extended his hand to the officer , who sighed as he recognized the ring so gracefully given to him by the queen on the night of the ball at the hotel de ville and which she had <unk> from monsieur des essarts . she will help me . you fool ! —what should you know about it ? —why , you were drunk ! ” with an appearance of perfect indifference , at the same time giving a side look at valentine , which made her understand that she also was to remain in the room . , my friend	68.91871643066406
! ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ for heaven ’ s sake , don ’ t laugh , for upon my soul , it ’ s no laughing matter ! ” your arms ; give three to your wife , and you will still have four ; that is one more than m. de guise had , who so nearly became king of france , and whose cousin was emperor of <unk> . ” . ” that you were the person i was sent to fetch . ” will only be put in the bastile ; if we are arrested it is a matter of the place de <unk> . ” ” here athos spoke , “ rest assured , if we were mazarinists we should come	48.953346252441406
well prepared with every sort of passport . , and wrote under the other lines : let him fix the <unk> his conditions ; in short , let us either understand each other , or quarrel . d ’ artagnan who wounded jussac one day , in that unfortunate encounter which took place near the convent of the <unk> ? ” asked the king , looking at the cardinal , who colored with vexation . athos to raoul , as he entered , “ you will conduct my lord as far as his hotel and permit no one to approach him . ” the part of monte cristo , whose lips turned pale , but who preserved his ceremonious smile , andrea seized the count ’ s hand	62.11886978149414
, pressed it , jumped into his phaeton , and disappeared . <unk> business with me for i don ’ t know how long , to the amount of <unk> or 900,000 francs during the year . wishes ? ” a reasonable being , lucien , and who knows how little <unk> is to be placed on the news , since you are at the <unk> , surely you ought to prevent it , ” said morcerf , with a smile . it be ? ” is in high favor with charles i . ” , if you had not found me here , ” said the count , “ it might have proved a gallant adventure which would have cost your friend dear ; but now ,	40.78488540649414
be assured , his alarm will be the only serious consequence . ” alone . ” said she , starting at madame danglars ’ touch as she would have done from an electric shock . as we have said , close to her , he saw on the ground a fine cambric handkerchief , which he picked up , as was his habit , and at the corner of which he recognized the same cipher he had seen on the handkerchief which had nearly caused him and aramis to cut each other ’ s throat . stranger , m. morrel closed the ledger , arose , and offered a seat to the stranger ; and when he had seen him seated , resumed his own chair . to	57.04418182373047
be seen , <unk> to and fro from morning till night , pale , careworn , and haggard , like so many shadows , —the men whom justice holds beneath the steel she is <unk> . beauchamp ; “ i saw it in the paper . the old man . , who have made a sortie from newcastle and are surrounding us ! ” exclaimed athos . marry under such sad auspices ? ” affectionately ’ s apartment while i was there . ” porcelain , filled with flowers that loaded the air with their perfume , stood in the salon . ; you were recognized , and the cardinal named you . said to himself , “ would spoil all ; d ’ artagnan , my friend	67.67423248291016
, prove to this young serpent that thou art not only stronger , but more subtle than he is . ” , ” cried athos . was stopped on noirtier ’ s lips , seemed to start from his eyes . all cried together . abduction had for its object the <unk> of my mistress , to draw from me by torture confessions that might compromise the honor , and perhaps the life , of my august mistress . ” mordaunt , forcing his features and the muscles of his body to resume their usual places and be calm ; “ no , i shall not kill you ; at least not at this moment , for without you i could not discover the others . he found	82.0844955444336
the vessel that had been named to him , delivered his letter to the captain , who after having it examined by the governor of the port made immediate preparations to sail . which had been shown him by the banker ’ s family , in which he had been received as a son , and where , besides , his warmest affections had found an object on which to centre in mademoiselle danglars . unlimited credit upon me ; a credit opened by thomson & french , of rome ; he came to demand five millions at once , which i paid him with checks on the bank . andrea philosophically , determined to watch his companion narrowly , “ does not life pass in waiting ?	82.21940612792969
them ? ” he saw me enter the ball-room to find you . ” the sergeant , with a cunning smile , “ you are mazarinists , who are sent as spies . ” to him , then ? ” from the coadjutor and to see if we can not wake up mazarin a little . ” cold seized on him , and when he reached the farther bank he found himself <unk> . quixote of eighteen ; a don quixote without his <unk> , without his coat of mail , without his <unk> ; a don quixote clothed in a <unk> doublet , the blue color of which had faded into a <unk> shade between lees of wine and a heavenly azure ; face long and brown	91.68617248535156
; high cheek bones , a sign of sagacity ; the <unk> muscles enormously developed , an infallible sign by which a gascon may always be detected , even without his <unk> our young man wore a cap set off with a sort of feather ; the eye open and intelligent ; the nose hooked , but finely <unk> . their <unk> they were not seen alive , they were despised when dead . ” his majesty did not quit the pont-neuf . ’ ” d ’ artagnan had stopped and charged his pistol afresh ; besides , his horse , he found , had a carbine on the bow of the saddle . his course . i would place my arm under yours and go with you	112.458984375
to marseilles , leaving the house to return to it no more . ” ” murmured de winter . a small chapel covered with a tapestry of <unk> silk worked with gold , and brilliantly lighted with a vast number of candles . continued , and it was dreadful to witness . my tongue , but i will try to show that it is good for something . see , was surrounded by misfortune . can not speak , ” returned monte cristo . restored , and the vigilance of the custom-house officers was redoubled , and their strictness was increased at this time , in consequence of the fair at beaucaire . fine , benedetto <unk> , but i know what i am saying . and ,	53.4868278503418
in a few hours , will be executed ; it must be so , and i will not endeavor to prevent it . the stone , ” he continued , “ a learned gentleman discovered that the prisoners might have communicated together for ten years . d ’ artagnan , “ that ’ s settled already ; i will be responsible for the barony . ” enter your room at night ? ” cavaliers . ” hasty , m. morrel , ” replied villefort . ’ t see straight , ” said danglars ; “ he ’ s gone right by the road to the vieilles infirmeries . ” , madame ? ” said d ’ artagnan . of the alphabet . ” , during which louis xviii	32.44747543334961
. , as may have been observed , one personage concerned , of whom , notwithstanding his precarious position , we have appeared to take but very little notice . return . ” la fere , sire , ” said aramis . story to tell me , porthos ! of the three qualities you stand in need of , and here i am . ” was opened , and madame de morcerf alighted , leaning on her son ’ s arm . pace to the nearest cavalry <unk> , about a quarter of a league distant . of monte cristo when the sun began to set behind corsica , whose mountains appeared against the sky , showing their <unk> peaks in bold relief ; this mass of rock	56.17500686645508
, like the giant <unk> , rose dead ahead , a formidable barrier , and <unk> the light that gilded its massive peaks so that the voyagers were in shadow . the count , and say that , although in haste to attend the chamber , my master came out of his way to have the honor of calling upon him . ” : show the chevalier out ; and this evening at eleven o ’ <unk> have heard what i said . ” the <unk> order , i and d ’ artagnan , ” replied athos . spoken of , the prince having manoeuvred , until that movement , only in order to await a reinforcement that had just reached him . hesitation , dantès entered the	87.89625549316406
second grotto . danglars , darting at edmond a look gleaming with hate . ’ s valet , supported his good fortune nobly . ? ” he was mounting his horse , d ’ artagnan , who felt at the bottom of his heart a <unk> for the duke , took planchet aside . at noisy ? ” d ’ artagnan , ” said the commissary to the guards . d ’ artagnan , “ then we must stop ! enjoyment , and la ramee felt that the gayety of heart he had regarded as the cause of health ( of which it was perhaps rather the result ) would not long survive such a mode of life . of la carconte followed him as he ascended ,	54.74842071533203
while caderousse , on the contrary , turned his back , and seemed most anxiously to avoid even glancing at him . announced for representation , and the principal actors were coselli , moriani , and la <unk> . not endowed with great perspicacity , did not observe the expression which his words had given to the physiognomy of the stranger . ” said d ’ artagnan to raoul , “ you were just in time to stay my hand . , opening his eyes at that last word . you , too happy should my prayer be favorably heard . ” ; if i had any doubts as to my misfortune , these doubts had vanished in an overwhelming reality . we are opposite the hôtel d	85.30281829833984
’ arguillon , which is full of the cardinal ’ s creatures ? security , the young man barricaded the door . muslin dress on and as nothing concealed her figure , i saw she would ere long become a mother . ’ s all settled ! ” exclaimed caderousse , who , by a last effort of intellect , had followed the reading of the letter , and instinctively comprehended all the misery which such a denunciation must entail . , do you—and still more , with cardinalist politics ? mercy , monsieur ! ” or tell everything ? the banker ; “ i have appeared rather ridiculous since that affair of benedetto , so i remain in the background . ” he to the young man	81.07469940185547
, who since the death of buckingham had regained that coolness and self-possession which never after abandoned him , “ wretch ! he cried , throwing down his knife ; “ why should i do so ? ” , ” said the cardinal , “ it is not necessary to steal his confidence , but to present yourself frankly and loyally as a negotiator . ” hands with villefort , without adding a word to what he had said , went out , amid the tears and lamentations of the whole household . . morrel ; “ in that m. noirtier may be right ; you have not seemed to be well for the last fortnight . ” should know the real cause . ” this journey ,	60.2279167175293
my dear m. d ’ artagnan ? ” asked mazarin , anxiously . <unk> , his feather was a little faded , his gold lace was a little tarnished , his <unk> were a trifle <unk> ; but in the obscurity of the church these things were not seen , and porthos was still the handsome porthos . in groslow ’ s clothes . . ” ’ t you mean ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , finishing his friend ’ s sentence . what i now have to do , ” replied villefort . ” cried planchet . ” said the chief of the assembly , “ one man may insult <unk> is the privilege of weakness . . ” rattling of a bunch of skeleton keys	39.29120635986328
, such as the locksmith brings when called to force a lock , and which thieves call <unk> , doubtless from the music of their nightly song when they grind against the bolt . believe sup , but to eat nothing . nothing to porthos of his wound or of his procurator ’ s wife . you are consoled , i speak to you as a man for whom the human heart has no secrets . , and bowing to the count , quitted the room . poor friend , that i am sometimes <unk> of my ordinary thoughtfulness ; perhaps i am wrong in speaking thus to you , who have evidently a leaning to mazarin . ” i have kept the harness , ” said porthos	84.60488891601562
. tomorrow you will be irrevocably promised to m. franz d ’ épinay , not only by that theatrical formality invented to <unk> the effect of a comedy called the signature of the contract , but your own will ? ” anyone that sudden and irresistible sympathy which made you feel as if the object of it had been your old and familiar friend , though , in reality , it was the first time you had ever met ? cry of one who is being murdered , ” murmured the host . <unk> . of the poet voiture . ” responded bertuccio , “ all i ask of heaven is that i may never see him again . place : we have seen that it was not	64.7086410522461
of his own free will , but , on the contrary , very reluctantly , that the monk attended the wounded man who had been recommended to him in so strange a manner . but let us go . on the spot . lackey named lubin . ” returned ( with the exception of one , who remained at the shore ) to their fire , at which the carcass of a goat was roasting . of subterranean passage which runs beneath the street and we shall only have to raise one of the marble slabs before the door to open you an entrance and an outlet . ” ” paris , i shall be there too , ” said the count . of that ? ” strange	59.24284362792969
man , “ the count of monte cristo bows to none but the count of monte cristo himself . admiration , and said no more about going away . beaurepaire , <unk> of artillery , étienne duchampy , general of brigade , and claude lecharpal , keeper of woods and forests , declare , that on the 4th of february , a letter arrived from the island of elba , recommending to the kindness and the confidence of the bonapartist club , general <unk> de quesnel , who having served the emperor from <unk> to 1814 was supposed to be devoted to the interests of the napoleon <unk> , notwithstanding the title of baron which louis xviii . boulogne , where toward evening they arrived , their horses	102.66763305664062
<unk> with foam and dark with perspiration . one thing wanting in order to complete your happiness ? ” but as they drew near in order to cast anchor , a little cutter , looking like a <unk> <unk> armed , approached the merchant vessel and dropped into the sea a boat which directed its course to the ladder . ” said château-renaud . they gave him the portmanteau ; then the two young girls , having told him to take it to no . formed a singular contrast to albert ’ s <unk> face , who approached also , followed by the other four young men . i shall be avenged . ” , close and stifling , with the walls furnished with arms offensive and defensive	80.10696411132812
, and in which there was already a fire , although it was scarcely the end of the month of september . it will never succeed now , for they attempted it fruitlessly , and napoleon was unable to complete his work . father was not allowed to fall . , a chemist ? ” , andrea , a charming young man , about your own age , viscount , bearing the same title as yourself , and who is making his entry into the parisian world , aided by his father ’ s millions . monte cristo , with the same <unk> coolness ; “ let us see . use of harnesses without horses ? ” ’ artagnan had been cautious with respect to handkerchiefs with arms	57.20682907104492
on them , and he therefore placed in the pocket of mme . managed so secretly but that it became known to the queen . cleaving through space like a bird in the air , rested on cavalcanti . exclaimed another stern voice which milady recognized as that of felton . man who brought him from lucca ? ” of his pocket , he unfolded it slowly . ; death <unk> at your door—it <unk> goes , not blindfolded , but <unk> , from room to room . have rescued the man that i had accepted for a husband , guilty though he were ? andrea was a very skilful and intelligent boy . would disappear . murmured the count of morcerf . crowd a moment ’ s	123.42095184326172
hesitation , which looked like shame . aramis , “ they will doubtless treat us like the prisoners of the <unk> . ” it there , but the jailer was wrong not to have looked before him . as the reader , from whom we have not concealed the state of his fortune , very well <unk> ’ artagnan was not a millionaire ; he hoped to become one someday , but the time which in his own mind he fixed upon for this happy change was still far distant . signed by the cardinal ? ” said the governor . the contrary , i come to you first and instantly , ” replied franz . . been playing the day before . ” quesnel , baron d	53.81636428833008
’ épinay . ” . ” hear ? ” observed gaetano ; “ he is bidding you adieu . ” so great that the cardinal fancied there must be some riot , and sent la houdinière , his captain of the guards , to inquire what was going on . perceive something on the ground at a distance ; he ventured to call , and it seemed to him that the wind wafted back an almost inarticulate sigh . ? ” your forty methods , your highness ? ” , ” replied albert . that it even extended to aramis and porthos . at this scene that he took andrea by the hands and began examining his person , <unk> the sudden submission of the inmates of the	65.49398040771484
lions ’ den to something more <unk> than mere fascination . eyes , a straight nose , a chin cut like that of brutus , had altogether an indefinable character of grandeur and grace . , till i see you again ! but men , and men are become both weak and wicked . ? ” asked the abbé . the neighborhood of the house he has bought a <unk> spring equal to those at <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> . milady . questions you please ; for , in good truth , you see more clearly into my life than i do myself . ” of bracciano is one of the most delightful in rome , the duchess , one of the last <unk> of the	69.79039001464844
<unk> , does its honors with the most <unk> grace , and thus their _fêtes_ have a european celebrity . six months ’ in advance , under pretence of being able to purchase a farm , then with my six months i would decamp . ” my friend ! ” he . am listening ; conceal nothing , gloss over nothing . porthos arrived with a very cross look on his face , and was astonished to find the lieutenant resigned and mousqueton almost merry . andrea stopped his horse , and caderousse leaped out . on the spot named . busoni disdainfully ; “ poverty may make a man beg , steal a loaf of bread at a baker ’ s door , but not cause him	140.81826782226562
to open a secretaire in a house supposed to be inhabited . madame danglars , “ you can feel for my emotion , can you not ? to be at liberty on that beach ! sought for a long time on the perch , to which it had retired to die of old age . ” in spite of the presence of the pilot , until this manœuvre was completed , and then he added , “ <unk> the colors , and square the yards ! ” upstairs . course of the boat , which rapidly approached the island , and was soon within fifty paces of it . . , my friend ; to so good a <unk> as you are , i may say what would	51.32326889038086
appear absurd to another . ” the expedition , had taken all the responsibility on himself ; the four sailors fixed their eyes on him , while they got out their oars and held themselves in readiness to row away , which , thanks to the darkness , would not be difficult . called haydée your sister , <unk> her become so indeed , valentine ; render her all the gratitude you fancy that you owe to me ; protect her , for ” ( the count ’ s voice was thick with emotion ) “ henceforth she will be alone in the world . ” interval , cocles appeared . the majesty of justice . ” artagnan opened his eyes . time to time past three windows	78.5599136352539
of the second floor . ” a surprise , mixed with <unk> slight storm which would resolve itself into tears ; but he was strangely deceived , and his error was not of long duration . abbé adelmonte has its entrails taken out by his cook and thrown on the dunghill ; on this dunghill is a hen , who , <unk> these intestines , is in her turn taken ill , and dies next day . t swear ? ” us talk . ” , ’ said cucumetto , advancing towards the other bandits , ‘ are you coming ? ’ so much the worse for her if she is found . ” fuse burn ? ” asked this person . to do at portsmouth ? ”	106.19757843017578
asked milady . out and used to take his coffee at the club of the <unk> , and read the <unk> ; this day he did not leave the house , but returned to his office . without this casket ? ” monseigneur , knowing your prudence and your personal relation to the events of the present time , that you will choose to hold your forces concentrated in the interior of the french kingdom and leave to her own the new government of england . the opportunity to make fresh inquiries of the new conductor ; but the horses were unharnessed , and others put in their places , without anyone claiming money from the traveller . general appearance of the shore , and , instead of	64.68870544433594
landing at the usual place , he dropped anchor in the little creek . . at it . saw my birth . . perfect security ; let her be ignorant that we know her secret . surprise and terror ; and without a word i suffered myself to be <unk> and tied to a horse ’ s tail , and thus they took me to nîmes . you do not do that young man justice . ” ranks well ; he did his whole duty and even more , at the siege of <unk> at <unk> and perpignan . ” flatter yourself that i shall yield to all your caprices , and quietly and humbly await the time of again being received into your good graces ? ”	99.0527572631836
at heart detested the cardinal , took pains to tell the story to two or three friends , who put it into immediate <unk> . ” replied planchet , rather astonished at the unexpected honor conferred upon him . . ” shook his head . when your appointment as an officer of the legion of honor was announced in the papers , we were all sitting with my grandfather , m. noirtier ; m. danglars was there <unk> recollect m. danglars , do you not , maximilian , the banker , whose horses ran away with my stepmother and little brother , and very nearly killed them ? to be following tracks , so observant were they wherever they went . the marriage settlement he promised me has	102.4754638671875
come ? ” the palikares , writhing in convulsive agonies , while two or three who were only slightly wounded were trying to escape by springing from the windows . and caught at a shadow of hope . ! ” said kitty , in a low voice , “ what is the matter with you ? any moment withdrawn , and if i had employed it for another purpose , i should bring on me a disgraceful bankruptcy . not ! ” answered caderousse , “ you merely threw it <unk> saw it lying in a corner . ” that i hate you instinctively ; that it seems as if i had always known you , and always hated you ; and , in short , since the	50.92948913574219
young people of the present day will not fight , it remains for us to do so . see anything more , sir ? ” said the concierge . on those , ” replied mazarin ; “ let us pass on to private and personal <unk> . ” ” hall , except that a few people still moved about and whispered to one another . sir , have pity on me ! ” , in england two men to whom such an epithet can be applied ? ” thousand francs , do you understand ? ” i have laid aside even the name of my father , and altogether <unk> his political principles . and any person who considered her attentively might have observed the traces of recent	65.44003295898438
tears in her eyes . ancre was no more than the maréchale d ’ ancre . , i shall go to the theatre ; i shall look like some retired baker . ! ” cried the gascon , who reckoned upon this letter for making his way at court . blow with a beating heart . at the throat , porthos ; it kills as quickly and prevents all <unk> . ” ” replied the citizen , giving a still <unk> intonation to his voice . will most likely be disguised as a horseman . ’ villefort “ i can truly say that i have always entertained a high respect for my father , because , to the natural feeling of relationship was added the consciousness of his	78.97682189941406
moral superiority . on . ” said monte cristo . , ” said he , “ it is all the better if you are in difficulties . ” with fever , while the large drops fell from his brow , the man executed , one after the other , the three signs given by the count , in spite of the frightful contortions of the right-hand correspondent , who , not understanding the change , began to think the gardener had gone mad . you will go to a mean tavern , without a name and without a <unk> mere fisherman ’ s hut . does not know paris , ” said athos , “ and to whom the viscount will show the way . ” you walked	42.84621047973633
and talked together , one would have thought you were two <unk> telling your secrets to each other . ” escape would be a serious misfortune to monsieur de chavigny , whom he hated for the petty persecutions he owed to him . him such a revenue ? ” ’ s friend , ” said aramis ; “ the king ’ s friend , you understand . , then ? ” passed away , condemns me forever to the walls of a prison . going to ask leave of absence of m. de tréville , confiding to him candidly the importance of his departure , when the news was transmitted to him as well as to his three friends that the king was about to set out for	48.05015182495117
paris with an escort of twenty musketeers , and that they formed part of the escort . artagnan , of whom you spoke just now , monsieur d ’ herblay ; may i ask if you have any news of him ? ” by instinct . ” to cause you any remorse ; believe me , then , when i swear to you that you have wronged no man , but on the contrary have benefited mankind . ” , madame , even in assuming the high position that we have . april , 1498 , be ... threw himself into the saddle , and turning to athos , aramis and winter , said : ? ” to all that the letter specified ? ” occupants of the	41.33686828613281
apartments on the fifth floor of the house , now become the property of dantès , were duly informed by the notary who had arranged the necessary transfer of deeds , etc. , that the new landlord gave them their choice of any of the rooms in the house , without the least <unk> of rent , upon condition of their giving instant possession of the two small chambers they at present inhabited . of money into his pocket . but only as no . said valentine , raising both her hands to heaven with a sublime expression , “ i have done my utmost to remain a submissive daughter ; i have begged , entreated , implored ; he has regarded neither my prayers , my entreaties	97.94184875488281
, nor my tears . the other two came running around . more violent than the rest caused him to open his eyes ; then he felt that he was still being carried with great rapidity over the same country , thickly <unk> with broken aqueducts , which looked like granite giants petrified while running a race . second , and began that day to carry out his resolve . letter again . events which decide the life of a man ; it was a choice between the king and the cardinal—the choice made , it must be persisted in . ramee made a festivity of the little supper with his prisoner . some fruit ; then , remembering the narcotic mixed with the water i had drunk	121.20079803466797
, i would not touch that which was placed on the table , but filled my glass at a marble fountain fixed in the wall over my dressing table . a resigned victim ; it was impossible to imagine a more submissive or a more mild expression than that which prevailed on her beautiful countenance . , by heaven . ” ” said athos . was not long before athos entered . come of his own accord , ” said morcerf . he demands ? ” , my former friends ! ” he murmured , and fell with his face to the ground . was busy grooming them , and had already finished two . him every minute . ” letter you had ? ” oars half lifted	74.57382202148438
out of the water , like birds <unk> their wings . t go out so , ” said kitty ; “ you are naked . ” said mordaunt . like john bull himself , are master tom lowe , we , your three companions . said . anyone ? ” , ” replied they , bowing together . anything , ’ says the proverb . ” four men you will undertake to disperse a hundred low fellows ; as it may happen that we shall have to encounter two hundred , take <unk> ” cardinal , ” said aramis , “ would it not have been a pity to have separated men who love each other as we love ? pistoles , sir . ” every month he	76.71460723876953
makes me say a mass for the repose of the soul of one who died a violent death ; yesterday i said this mass again . ” hotel of the grand roi charlemagne and when athos inquired if his commission was executed , he related his adventure . , tréville . ” with a slow and accusing gesture , to the left shoulder of milady , which he almost touched with his finger . years in prison , and now to him , looking back upon them , those five years , which had passed so slowly , seemed not so long a time as were the two days , the forty-eight hours , which still parted him from the time fixed for his escape . delays or	91.81475067138672
difficulties , valentine , as long as you confessed that you loved me , and took pity on me ? ? <unk> him at your own house and elsewhere ? ” believing himself worthy of st. paul or of the place de grêve ; it was at the traitor ’ s cross that his journey and his destiny were about to end ! ? ” the abbé . , “ a charming woman , who entertained kind views toward our friend d ’ artagnan , who , on his part , has given her some offense for which she tried to revenge herself a month ago by having him killed by two musket shots , a week ago by trying to poison him , and yesterday by demanding	81.7214126586914
his head of the cardinal . ” , ’ said the bandit to rita ’ s father . with the phlegm peculiar to his nation ; and morrel , overwhelming him with grateful blessings , conducted him to the staircase . said porthos , “ do you think my strain cost me nothing ? <unk> reckoning mousqueton ’ s wound , for which i had to have the surgeon twice a day , and who charged me double on account of that foolish mousqueton having allowed himself a ball in a part which people generally only show to an <unk> ; so i advised him to try never to get wounded there any more . ” an investigation of my <unk> ! his service . ” in the	112.8622055053711
expression <unk> thanks ! ” it ? ” name seems certainly familiar . to this diamond , ” replied the young man . said she seduced him , did you not ? ” to take their course , that was all . ” the small fortune which we shall possess for the future ? habit of a huntress became her admirably . in aramis ’ s eyes , as brief as the shadow that had passed over his face , but not so brief but that it was seen by d ’ artagnan . . myself can so execute them that one can not tell the new from the old . ” all about it , ” replied mousqueton . ” indemnify and hold the foundation , the	46.99309158325195
trademark owner , any agent or employee of the foundation , anyone providing copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement , and any volunteers associated with the production , promotion and distribution of project gutenberg™ electronic works , harmless from all liability , costs and expenses , including legal fees , that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur : ( a ) distribution of this or any project gutenberg™ work , ( b ) alteration , modification , or additions or deletions to any project gutenberg™ work , and ( c ) any defect you cause . but athos stopped him by a sign . , my lord , ” replied de rochefort .	29.571928024291992
hard pressed by gendarmes or carbineers ; well , they see a vessel , and good fellows like us on board , they come and demand hospitality of us ; you can ’ t refuse help to a poor hunted devil ; we receive them , and for greater security we stand out to sea . a glance backward , and saw that porthos and aramis had placed themselves between him and the gate ; he understood that he was completely at the mercy of these four men . the count , “ you are under the roof of one who esteems himself most fortunate in having been able to save you from a further continuance of your sufferings . ” aramis . biscuit in a glass of	95.27295684814453
spanish wine ; do the same . ” man , do you address the woman ? ” that all went well . orders , spoke of a banquet which the marquis de villequier was to give to her on the day after the morrow , indicated the persons she would admit to the honor of <unk> of it , announced another visit on the following day to <unk> , where she intended to pay her <unk> , and gave her commands to her senior valet to accompany her . seated before his desk , one of the drawers of which was partly open . arched <unk> , and at length stopped in a court large , dark , and square . , sir ? before danglars , with	59.43389129638672
an energy of action those can alone understand who have seen robert <unk> represented by <unk> exclaimed : repeated the monk , bending over him as if to tear from him the name if he would not utter it ; “ her name ! ridiculous , ” observed d ’ artagnan to porthos and went on his way . accept it , young gentleman ? ” —that while you had related to me all the particulars of your past life , you were perfectly unacquainted with mine . ” to shake cocles ’ belief ; the last month ’ s payment had been made with the most scrupulous exactitude ; cocles had detected an <unk> of fourteen sous in his cash , and the same evening he had	95.24288940429688
brought them to m. morrel , who , with a melancholy smile , threw them into an almost empty drawer , saying : one she wished for most , but it seemed as if a part of her past life had returned to her . shining in the beams of the morning sun ; on the shore the sailors were sitting , chatting and laughing ; and at ten yards from them the boat was at anchor , undulating gracefully on the water . this poison in the case of poor barrois as well as in that of madame de saint-méran . not less incredible was the purse he held in his hand , the <unk> <unk> splendid diamond . on valentine ’ s hand . monte cristo	58.47502136230469
, “ it will be the way , everybody says , of <unk> your fortune in twelve months . then , throughout the world ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . pay them ? ” charge your purveyor , <unk> , to send me some wine ? ” it is too late ; my throat is closing up . . monte cristo , taking it from her hand . that , sir , ” said the notary , “ which makes me uneasy , but the difficulty will be in <unk> his thoughts and intentions , so as to be able to get his answers . ” this wedding is at hand ? ” , gentlemen ? ” afterward porthos appeared at the end of the rue férou	38.974361419677734
on a very handsome _genet_ . cried the young man . ” cried he ; “ what do you want , you <unk> ? god ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , quite stunned by the relation of this horrible adventure . artagnan had been the hero of these two fights , it was upon him that all the felicitations fell , which athos , porthos , and aramis abandoned to him , not only as good comrades , but as men who had so often had their turn that they could very well afford him his . , and fell asleep . ” said the countess g—— to albert , who had returned to her side , “ that man does nothing like other people ; he	40.047752380371094
<unk> most <unk> to the third act of <unk> le <unk> , and when the fourth begins , takes his departure . ” ” complained of great pain in his knee , a feeling of <unk> in his head , and severe pains in his loins . heaven had at length taken pity on him , and had sent this noise to warn him on the very brink of the abyss . formed to make the brave musketeer all suitable apologies , but without meanness or weakness , fearing that might result from this duel which generally results from an affair of this kind , when a young and vigorous man fights with an adversary who is wounded and <unk> conquered , he doubles the triumph of his	144.7705535888672
antagonist ; if a conqueror , he is accused of foul play and want of courage . by one of the unexpected strokes of fortune which sometimes befall those who have for a long time been the victims of an evil destiny , dantès was about to secure the opportunity he wished for , by simple and natural means , and land on the island without incurring any suspicion . . ” while possessing a great admiration for the antique , as it was understood during the time of the <unk> , entertained the most sovereign contempt for the simple elegance of his wife ’ s favorite sitting-room , where , by the way , he was never permitted to <unk> , unless , indeed , he excused	93.115234375
his own appearance by <unk> in some more agreeable visitor than himself ; and even then he had rather the air and manner of a person who was himself introduced , than that of being the <unk> of another , his reception being cordial or frigid , in proportion as the person who accompanied him chanced to please or displease the baroness . profound meditation , the young man suddenly exclaimed , “ i have found what you were in search of ! ” then take nothing more tonight . ” on his brow as if to collect his thoughts . point you desire information , and i will tell all i know ; only , ” added he , with a smile , “ i warn you	70.16912078857422
i know very little . ” cristo ; but as though in a dream he was transfixed to the spot , <unk> eyes glared as though they were starting through the sockets ; he <unk> the flesh on his chest until his nails were stained with blood ; the veins of his temples swelled and <unk> as though they would burst their narrow <unk> , and deluge his brain with living fire . with one of those terrible expressions peculiar to her countenance , and which so rarely failed of their effect ; anger made her eyes flash in the darkness . obey her she looked upon it as a declaration of war , and as she considers you a man of superior talent , and consequently dangerous	112.65509796142578
, she desired me to make sure of you ; that is the reason of your being shut up in the bastile . ! daughter of france and was entitled to the hospitality of france . me ? ” the count , going to the door , and returning . before , my supper was brought . . ” sir , ” said franz . shall see it now . ” in going to mass at notre dame , as she always did on <unk> , was followed by more than two hundred women demanding justice . ’ artagnan . every other remedy to restore movement and speech to m. noirtier , i resolved to try one last means , and for three months i have been giving	49.50045394897461
him brucine ; so that in the last dose i ordered for him there were six <unk> . be announced to the minister . , my son , if you had entertained such an idea , dispel it ; and my counsel to <unk> , my <unk> to retain his friendship . ” had <unk> the <unk> was for this i had <unk> was for this i was waiting . de morcerf invites me . ” as others doubtless will admire , the details we have to relate , our main preoccupation concerned a matter to which no one before ourselves had given a thought . ” replied athos ; “ the comte de la fère in person , who comes expressly from the other world to have	87.91934967041016
the pleasure of paying you a visit . be confessed that , contrary to the usual state of affairs in <unk> between the young men , the effective arguments were all on albert ’ s side . base , cowardly , i tell you ; i have <unk> my affections , and like all <unk> i am of evil omen to those who surround me ! ” recovered . of god that it should be so and this it is which makes it all so awful , ” continued grimaud . from the former ; doubtless madame de villefort had just put out her lamp , and the <unk> alone reflected its dull light on the window . , i visit an <unk> one i named . ”	76.22559356689453
which the plenipotentiaries are , ” asked athos , “ belongs to—— ” ” whispered caderousse , “ you have deceived me—the trick you spoke of last night has been played ; but i can not suffer a poor old man or an innocent girl to die of grief through your fault . sir . ” with my outfit . talking over their plans for the future , they heard two or three reports of firearms , and then suddenly a man came out of the wood , near which the two young persons used to <unk> their flocks , and hurried towards them . coat , a blow from a <unk> had cut it open on the <unk> and a pistol shot had cut his feather in	86.97423553466797
two . he reigned over a rich valley which was overhung by the mountain whence he derived his picturesque name . . kind of thing there ’ s no need to go over the ground a second time . ” the gascon , “ do you think , athos , we can take leave , calmly , of two friends at a time not free from danger to you and aramis ? ” , addressing aramis , who , leaning proudly on his sword , seemed to agree with his companion , “ chevalier , porthos and i run no risk ; besides , should any ill-luck happen to two of us , will it not be much better that the other two should be spared to assist	76.01188659667969
those who may be apprehended ? heaven , as a gambler does who stakes his all on one stroke . once . ” transformation had taken place in him . me shudder ; and one day when we were viewing an execution , i thought i should faint , more from hearing the cold and calm manner in which he spoke of every description of torture , than from the sight of the executioner and the culprit . ” after this conversation the report was circulated that the prince de condé had arrived . , he besought me to try and clear up a mystery he had never been able to penetrate , and to clear his memory should any foul spot or stain have fallen on it	107.86321258544922
. ” by <unk> michon ? ” said the swiss , who was chatting with the four friends when the letter came . ” she added , turning toward aramis , “ will you be my servant once more this evening ? ” guard that night at the palais royal , ran in . black fowls ! ” cried aramis . scene , château-renaud , when we saw her , at the most three weeks ago , about to sign that contract ? ” hurry to be <unk> forget one of my guests . public room , i saw one of our englishman <unk> with a dealer for a horse , his own having died yesterday from bleeding . stripped without his hearing the least noise . ”	62.478431701660156
and you are angry ? ” the way it ended . ” ! ” said porthos . , ” answered athos , “ we should not be taken there by lord de winter , for he would come in for his share ; he was one of us . ” think the executioner might be master cromwell , who , to make sure of this affair , undertook it himself ? ” england he seduced the wife of one of my friends . ” ? ” said the president , stupefied , and without noticing the agitation which spread over the face of m. de villefort ; “ king ’ s attorney ? ” , i did not ask for one . returned my sister , ‘ the	35.022926330566406
house of morrel can only be carried on by a morrel . . ” exists . ” marseilles , so that this country house was useless to him , and it was reported to be let to a young widow , known only by the name of ‘ the baroness . ’ again , ” said aramis , as they took leave of planchet ; “ if anything happens to us we shall blame you for it . ” she , “ be kind , be clement , listen to my prayer ! young man , with bright eyes , black hair , and <unk> moustache , respectfully bowed to madame de villefort . arose . in the middle of the street he urged his horse upon it	46.34764099121094
without a word of warning ; and the members of the group , whether rebels or not , as if they knew with what sort of a man they had to deal , at once gave place to the patrol . about for a minute or two , mme . , but aramis was furious ; the sight of such royal misery exasperated him and his eyes examined every new trace of poverty that presented itself . ’ herblay say so . ” , by avarice , and by self-love ; but i was base , and for want of courage acted against my judgment . a remedy for all afflictions . save major cavalcanti the trouble of drawing on his banker , i send him a draft	123.10796356201172
for 2,000 francs to defray his travelling expenses , and credit on you for the further sum of 48,000 francs , which you still owe me . ’ ” commission , and promised to have these secret places completed by the next day , dantès furnishing the dimensions and plan in accordance with which they were to be constructed . things have happened to you . calm and thoughtful . furniture indicated that the dweller in this house occupied himself with the study of natural science . madame , ” he said ; “ if , on my return , justice has not been satisfied , i will denounce you with my own mouth , and arrest you with my own hands ! ” to undress him ,	71.29210662841797
and he then examined his dreadful wounds . at this moment in a very complicated one , ” said d ’ artagnan . are young and active , delay not on my account , but <unk> give you back your promise . ” ” cried raoul . porthos , “ it is the one that ought to have been sent to me at first . if he had doubted his words . besides the postilion . he cried . ” asked albert , “ do you remember his name , signora ? ” full light of the lamp which lit the yard : we shall ever see them again ? ” said morrel with tearful eyes . up the slope of the moat , on the top of	41.756839752197266
which he met de rochefort . ” said albert , “ i beg pardon for my intrusion , but i was anxious to know from your own mouth if your master was really out or not . ” into terrible hands ; they are ready to open for <unk> use of them . afraid , ” said d ’ artagnan . instant and consult the queen , and we will refer the affair at once to parliament . ” you ? ” demanded villefort , turning over a pile of papers , containing information relative to the prisoner , that a police agent had given to him on his entry , and that , already , in an hour ’ s time , had swelled to voluminous proportions	55.462520599365234
, thanks to the corrupt <unk> of which “ the accused ” is always made the victim . the count , the approbation of whose eye villefort had frequently solicited during this speech . he . ranks to see whether the object of his interest had any concealed weapon beneath his clothes . have watched ? ” said valentine uneasily ; “ where have you been ? —i have not seen you . ” of the amours of madame de bois-tracy ? ” said d ’ artagnan , wishing to have the air , in the eyes of the citizen , of being posted as to court affairs . , i assure you . ” said the king ; “ but never mind , tréville , come still	63.637596130371094
by the back staircase . ” strength and beat la ramee completely . judge ; that is all . by an unforeseen piece of ill luck , had quarreled with the officers , disguised as stable <unk> ” ” friends reached the hotel , “ arms of england , ” where they supped with hearty appetite and then at once proceeded to the port . appeared an age to rochefort , mazarin took from a bundle of papers a letter , and showing it to the count , he said : ” angoisse was a famous gag , in the form of a <unk> , which , being thrust into the mouth , by the aid of a spring , dilated , so as to <unk> the jaws	85.99613189697266
to their greatest width . disappeared , your majesty , but a man has offered his services instead . modified and printed and given away—you may do practically anything in the united states with ebooks not protected by u.s. copyright law . ” madame ; i create nothing . of painful separation , ” said andrea , in the same tone of voice , and glancing towards the door , “ what a happiness it is to meet again ! ” with the spinach and the omelet . one day walking toward the church of st. leu , and followed him instinctively . of the d ’ <unk> at tarbes and in its environs , ” said the cardinal ; “ to which do you belong ? ”	59.082157135009766
rather than yesterday or tomorrow ? count guiding franz as if he had the singular faculty of seeing in the dark . hour athos joined them and at the same moment charles brought in a letter for d ’ artagnan , which a messenger had just desired might be instantly delivered . d ’ artagnan , “ what matters it to me , after all , if cromwell , who ’ s an englishman , revolts against his king , who is a scotchman ? men who can comprehend certain matters and having understood them , can act with <unk> ” body through the aperture , but not being like the frog in the fable , who thought he was larger than he really was , he found	74.54885864257812
he must take out three or four more before he could get through . to his own room . ? nebuchadnezzar ? ” said mordaunt , with a terrible smile ; “ no , it is charles the first , the king , the good king charles , who <unk> his subjects to enrich himself . ” ; though he was in his own element . ” pistoles , or thereabouts . ” he were to get rid of the animal before the time named , he would not only lose his bet , but people would say he was afraid ; and a brave captain of spahis can not risk this , even to gratify a pretty woman , which is , in my opinion , one	56.66817855834961
of the most sacred obligations in the world . ” estate on which the chapel of the curacy was situated saw this pretend sister , and became enamoured of <unk> to such a degree that he proposed to marry her . to strike . ” said he : “ i <unk> burn ! ” monte cristo gave him a glass of water . first ball at which the duke of buckingham shall be present . the man , <unk> . really seems to me very curious . ” <unk> ; and athos , like the spectre of vengeance , leaped into the room . to give a ball to mazarin . ” made two steps , and sank upon her knees . chevalier , or the abbé d	56.11305618286133
’ herblay , as your majesty pleases . ” madame , in my wish ” ( he laid an emphasis on the word ) , “ that your majesty should receive the coadjutor . ” ? other bank the executioner raise both his arms slowly ; a <unk> fell upon the blade of the large sword . he , “ you are but a woman and as a woman you may insult men at your ease , knowing that you can do it with impunity . kissed it . fifteen abreast , galloped up the corso in order to clear it for the <unk> . come into the hands of milady clarik ? and panting . said to morcerf , “ you are most welcome as the friend	72.125732421875
of my lord and master. ” this was said in excellent tuscan , and with that soft roman accent which makes the language of dante as sonorous as that of homer . the two men communicated with one another ; how long they did so , nobody knows . the vessel cast anchor in the harbor of dover , and at half past ten d ’ artagnan placed his foot on english land , crying , “ here i am at last ! ” who was the man in the mask , who so <unk> offered to cut the king ’ s throat . ” heavy , deep sleep stole over me , and having no suspicion of anything wrong , i sought not to shake it off	94.9677505493164
. address of bazin , made a pompous eulogium on his <unk> . i make my campaign ; upon grimaud ? ” any date , was taken with confidence , and was even in request . , madame ? ” asked athos . ’ clock . short the projects of escape . ” his carriage , then ? ” bankruptcy ! ” exclaimed m. de boville despairingly . the side of a pillar . , at an inn . ” the crime i had committed , ” answered bertuccio . aware that there is a truce between us and the english army . ” to say to you . ” cried rochefort . ” said porthos ; “ where will you begin ? ” artagnan ran to find	38.927955627441406
athos . he , “ see why mademoiselle eugénie has asked me to meet her in the drawing-room , and why she makes me wait so long . ” have no more knowledge than i of the abbé busoni ? ” ” said monte cristo , “ such an innocent looking person as you are to do those things , m. bertuccio , and to a king ’ s attorney at that ! d ’ artagnan , who did not wish to undeceive porthos , “ aramis , fancy , has become a monk and a jesuit , and lives like a bear . unexpected visit signified a desire to make up for the sharp words he had uttered during the day . , ready either to attack	59.17449188232422
or to stand on his defense . custom to the successor of father marteau , my lord ? ” breathed , no breath issued through the <unk> teeth ; the white lips no longer <unk> eyes were suffused with a bluish vapor , and the long black lashes rested on a cheek white as wax . of me ? ” said he , — “ your son ’ s life ? heavy step of a <unk> who served as sentinel was heard in the <unk> ax in his girdle and his musket on his shoulder . that is a most delicate attention on your part , signor pastrini , ” cried franz . door and everything was <unk> , bandages , and lint ; and a groom had	83.6061019897461
gone to lens , the nearest village , for a doctor . your touching history before it would go forth to the world , and be deemed unlikely and unnatural . you . or me ! ” ; mademoiselle de scudery was going . ” ( mazarin made a slight movement ) , “ one must foresee everything ; in the case of a check , he desires to retire into france and to live here as a private individual . finger-nails slightly grating against the door of the library informed valentine that the count was still watching , and recommended her to do the same ; at the same time , on the opposite side , that is towards edward ’ s room , valentine fancied that	95.0937271118164
she heard the creaking of the floor ; she listened attentively , holding her breath till she was nearly suffocated ; the lock turned , and the door slowly opened . effort to receive him , but never did a more distressed countenance give the lie to a more amiable smile . ” continued the stranger , more calm than ever ; “ well , that is perfectly right ! ” and turning on his heel , was about to re-enter the hostelry by the front gate , beneath which d ’ artagnan on arriving had observed a saddled horse . however , evidences of what we may call the intelligent <unk> of a youth who is charmed with the <unk> , careless life of an only son	92.69530487060547
, and who lives as it were in a gilded cage . , ” said athos , “ do so . ” ? <unk> will not be seen . they found the whole of the audience in the <unk> standing up and directing their gaze towards the box formerly possessed by the russian ambassador . great action bears its recompense with it , the brave exploit of d ’ artagnan resulted in the restoration of the <unk> he had lost . cried aramis ; “ you don ’ t often speak , athos , but when you do speak , it is like st. john of the golden mouth . may be made with the worst intentions in the world ; but the voice was all . of	67.31611633300781
furniture , bare walls upon which , here and there , shone the old gold moldings which had resisted time and neglect , windows with broken panes ( impossible to close ) , no carpets , neither guards nor servants : this is what first met the eyes of athos , to which he , touching his companion ’ s elbow , directed his attention by his glances . in honest hearts , d ’ artagnan . favorable opportunity to repair his intrusion . said caderousse ; “ you are going to find your servants , your horses , your carriage , and your betrothed ! ” have <unk> ” replied d ’ artagnan , taking it from his finger . strange to him , and he called	97.82946014404297
a second and third time ; still no answer . ” said he , addressing broussel , “ silence that woman and follow me . ” monte cristo must be a nabob ? ” ” answered the voice of her he sought . to reflect that the search was rather <unk> . simple and elegant drawing-room , and the count rose to meet him with a smiling air . ? ” in a lonely road between a huguenot and a catholic , with both of whom he had before had business , and who both knew him again ; so they united against him and hanged him on a tree . daughter dead ? ” demanded monte cristo ; “ i fancy i have heard so . ”	55.95568084716797
with enthusiasm . ” ; twenty francs are not to be despised . cried , “ or you are a dead man ! ” the musket fell from the soldier ’ s hands , who yielded on the instant . father , i entreat of you—for your own sake as well as mine . giddy . fellow ! ” replied dantès , “ i am not proud , but i am happy , and happiness blinds , i think , more than pride . ” . ” profound silence between the two interlocutors . , no , ” said caderousse . so strange , that even all this might not have won attention had there not been connected with it a mysterious story gilded by an immense fortune	56.09141540527344
. sees her . ” a strange man . <unk> me with myself . artagnan <unk> . right . ” albert , “ it is exquisite ; it is impossible to understand the music of his country better than prince cavalcanti does . her , when one of the caprices of fate , —which would almost make us doubt the goodness of providence , if that providence did not afterwards reveal itself by proving that all is but a means of conducting to an end , —one of those caprices deprived him of his mistress , of the future of which he had dreamed ( for in his blindness he forgot he could only read the present ) , and cast him into a dungeon . ” you	92.61984252929688
if you had received any news of monsieur franz . ” to the utmost . ! la carconte , “ do as you will ; you are <unk> if you take my advice you ’ ll hold your tongue . ” speak , for my eyes have already become <unk> , and my heart beats strongly ; be cautious , or you will make me believe in supernatural <unk> . contrary , they met , and it was the viscount himself who conducted him to the bed of the dying man . ” he appeared at the door of the ball-room , that valentine ran to him , saying : paris , the count of monte cristo ; in italy , sinbad the sailor ; in malta ,	45.05376434326172
i forget what . might come . , and you know that an innkeeper must keep on good terms with the authorities . ” the eyes of all were turned in the direction where the vessel had disappeared , endeavoring in vain to penetrate the darkness . in politics ? ” , ” said athos , “ let us go home and read it . ” , will , power , or feeling ; he followed where they led him . place where they halted was a young man in black , who seemed waiting for some one , and who , from the moment he saw them enter the town , never took his eyes off them . you were the chief ? ” your courage can	43.403133392333984
not be doubted . ” voice of la ramee . was one of the friends of m. de tréville , and consequently , that he belonged body and soul to the king ; which would make him lose a part of his advantage , since when known to milady as he knew her , he played only an equal game with her . an angel ! ” , ” replied danglars quickly ; “ she is at the piano with m. cavalcanti . ” reply ; d ’ artagnan made him a sign , and his mouth , remaining silent , gradually closed . was dumb , blind , and deaf , and of <unk> fidelity . pavement , in the carriages , at the windows , a	47.52326583862305
single tongue that was silent , a single arm that did not move . my mother ; i <unk> father intends giving a ball . ” like the preceding ones ; she saw albert attempt to persuade the count , but he obstinately refused . ahead , and then followed them , ready to execute the instructions of the noble and elegant minister of charles i . you may kill me , but i shall not fight . ” words , so firm , yet dignified , the shades which by one word he had evoked , recalled to her the past in all its intoxication of poetry and romance , youth , beauty , the <unk> of love at twenty years of age , the bloody death	106.37212371826172
of buckingham , the only man whom she had ever really loved , and the heroism of those obscure <unk> who had saved her from the double hatred of richelieu and the king . dear monsieur louvieres . ” man risking his life for such matters . subject of the king , madame , and all that his majesty commands i shall do . ” ’ s face . ” said d ’ artagnan , bowing , “ we have had that honor . , a young man fifteen years of age , attached to the prince de <unk> he the honor of being known to you ? ” <unk> in allowing the sarcastic aramis to perceive how strong were his paternal feelings . him . madame de	50.357269287109375
villefort , “ i need not ask you if you share that fancy . ” forbade her assuming this simple ornament , though she had not yet had time to put on the outward semblance of woe . coming . ” , though i am pretty well off . ” , mademoiselle d ’ aubigne , mademoiselle de scudery , mademoiselle paulet , madame de chevreuse . but instead of breaking it , he might have used it to still more advantage . ” ; but he had gone too far to draw back . said villefort , pressing her hand , “ it was too severe for your strength , for you were twice overwhelmed , and yet—— ” except the head , which lay on the	65.3553695678711
table . of delight , taking from beneath one of the benches a bottle of wine ; and on looking more closely in the same place he discovered a dozen similar bottles , bread , and a monster <unk> of <unk> beef . easy . was about to close the gates , but seeing such a handsome equipage he fancied that it was some visit of importance and the carriage was allowed to pass and to stop beneath the porch . he , “ you have <unk> ” , they were here last night , <unk> am sure they were <unk> counted them . took the key , returned to the bedroom door , removed the double staple of the bolt , and went in . their swords	75.59844207763672
, and returned them to their <unk> . oak ; the salon in <unk> , and the furnishings were of blue velvet ; the bedroom was in <unk> and green damask . ” replied danglars , “ he will remain what he is ; and perhaps become even less than he is . ” the palais royal a patrol stopped the carriage . mademoiselle danglars and her friend pursuing their way to brussels , and return to poor andrea cavalcanti , so <unk> interrupted in his rise to fortune . with murders , with <unk> , hated by every one and yet threatening still , like a panther thirsting for blood , she fell under the blows of men whom she had rendered desperate , though they had	103.27298736572266
never done her the least injury ; she met with judges whom her hideous crimes had evoked ; and that executioner you <unk> executioner who you say told you <unk> executioner , if he told you everything , told you that he leaped with joy in avenging on her his brother ’ s shame and suicide . the smaller or to the larger of the two ? ” asked the host . it was following so singularly in the train of the two similar misfortunes which had so recently occurred , evidently astonished the auditors , and they retired without a word . friend ; in two words you will know all . and i want no one to see me getting out of your carriage ; we	123.50696563720703
are supposed not to know each other . ” place at st. germain , i believe , and they had appointed to meet at the carmes-deschaux , when they were disturbed by de jussac , cahusac , bicarat , and two other guardsmen , who certainly did not go there in such a numerous company without some ill intention against the edicts . ” conversation i overheard was the master of the house ; the other , the physician . albert , seeing that beauchamp hesitated . they were carried off instantly , and had not even time to tell me why ; but as soon as they were gone i found this broken <unk> , as i was helping to raise two dead men and five or	83.63568115234375
six wounded ones . ” line when a cry behind him made him start , and the pen fell from his hand . coming amongst us was to present a pair of horses , worth 32,000 francs , to madame danglars ; his second , the almost miraculous preservation of madame de villefort ’ s life ; now it seems that he has carried off the prize awarded by the jockey club . , but improved upon by ours . , and would have gone down to her grandfather ’ s room , but on the stairs she met m. de villefort , who took her arm and led her into the drawing-room . the cardinal spada buried no treasure here ; perhaps he never came here ,	74.7103500366211
or if he did , cæsar borgia , the intrepid adventurer , the <unk> and indefatigable <unk> , has followed him , discovered his traces , pursued them as i have done , raised the stone , and descending before me , has left me nothing . ” his repast when the sound of the bell rang sharp and loud . went out . feeling her <unk> the second fit came on before you had turned towards me . , to make a good appearance , to be a good gamester , and to pay in cash . father lost sight of him for more than ten years ; what he did during these ten years , god only knows . had observed a horse entered by the	104.3447494506836
name of vampa , or that of a jockey styled job , when , at the last moment , a splendid roan , mounted by a jockey about as big as your fist , presented themselves at the <unk> . is a spanish wine which our friend athos thought much of . ” ” thinking so , ” returned franz calmly ; “ but you merely fall into the same error which leads so many of our countrymen to commit the most <unk> blunders , —i mean that of judging the habits and customs of italy and spain by our parisian notions ; believe me , nothing is more <unk> than to form any estimate of the degree of intimacy you may suppose existing among persons by the	129.6309051513672
familiar terms they seem upon ; there is a similarity of feeling at this instant between ourselves and the <unk> more . ” is not the exterior i care for , it is the interior . the trenches we go cheerfully to expose ourselves to worse than <unk> a bullet may break a leg , and i am convinced a surgeon would give us more pain in cutting off a thigh than an executioner in cutting off a head . you according to your crime , ” said athos ; “ you shall be free to defend yourself . much . ” . the sultan , who mounted it in his sabre ; another to our holy father the pope , who had it set in his <unk>	98.6507339477539
, opposite to one nearly as large , though not so fine , given by the emperor napoleon to his predecessor , <unk> vii . why you stopped at the island of elba ? ” to the gate ; you would have believed yourself about to meet friends ; you would have been abducted , and conducted back to paris . ” ” making his most splendid toilet , then returned to athos ’ s , and according to custom , related everything to him . ” cried he , “ i will soon be back , ” and he set off at a gallop . struck one when the carriage which conveyed madame de morcerf rolled away on the pavement of the champs-élysées , and made monte	60.715484619140625
cristo raise his head . to me , ” replied morrel , “ that in delivering m. de morcerf , whom you did not know , you did good to your neighbor and to society . ” the boat , and five minutes after they were on board . three feet long by two feet broad was cleared , and dantès could see an oaken coffer , bound with cut steel ; in the middle of the lid he saw engraved on a silver plate , which was still untarnished , the arms of the spada <unk> , a sword , _en <unk> , on an oval shield , like all the italian armorial bearings , and surmounted by a cardinal ’ s hat . signor pastrini ,	75.6570053100586
“ that you will go out by one , but i very much doubt your returning by the other . ” learn the result of your trip . ” ” asked the count , impatiently . as day , ” said he ; “ and you must have had a very confiding nature , as well as a good heart , not to have suspected the origin of the whole affair . ” profit upon each article you purchase for my toilet , amounting in the course of a year to a sum <unk> your wages . ” noise of fagots being removed and of the groaning of posts ; these were the <unk> and <unk> of athos , which the besieged himself demolished . must make another	66.93072509765625
struggle against the grief of his friend , and taking the hands of emmanuel and julie , which he pressed within his own , he said with the mild authority of a father : energies , murmuring in the depths of her soul the name of <unk> only beam of light that penetrated to her in the hell into which she had fallen ; and like a serpent which folds and <unk> its rings to ascertain its strength , she enveloped felton beforehand in the thousand meshes of her inventive imagination . that i served the piedmont regiment and had the honor of being a sergeant ? ” staircase lies , probably , the cardinal ’ s treasury of which folk tell such wonders , and we should	130.17208862304688
only have to descend , empty a chest , shut the cardinal up in it , double lock it , go away , carrying off as much gold as we could , put back this orange-tree over the place , and no one in the world would ever ask us where our fortune came <unk> even the cardinal . ” ” said he , “ i have swum above an hour , but as the wind is against me , that has <unk> my speed ; however , if i am not mistaken , i must be close to tiboulen . the magistrate at this moment , so thoroughly <unk> by the recent inauspicious combination of circumstances , would have supposed for an instant that he had anticipated	88.12055969238281
the annoyance ; although it certainly never had occurred to him that his father would carry candor , or rather <unk> , so far as to relate such a history . ’ clock approached , and the carriage was momentarily expected by the count , the indication of more than common impatience and uneasiness might be observed in his manner . more . ” and ascended to the sleeping chamber , which presented an appearance of the wildest disorder . ” said the gascon , “ take care of yourself , for i am not a bad hand at the rapier . ” your carbine . ” said she , as she placed his <unk> on his shoulders , “ be careful of yourself , for if you	48.12351608276367
are killed , i shall be alone in the world. ” these words carried a ray of hope into fernand ’ s heart . to me when i call for it from the top of the wall , he throws me another ; that other ball contains a letter . this ; but how could he risk the question ? in safety in a convent ; she is at béthune ! albert , “ that you have seen all my treasures , allow me to offer them to you , unworthy as they are . be a young man of rare qualities . ” the man with gray hair , who also touched bottom . piles of golden coin ; in the second , were ranged bars of	73.22418212890625
unpolished gold , which possessed nothing attractive save their value ; in the third , edmond grasped handfuls of diamonds , pearls , and rubies , which , as they fell on one another , sounded like hail against glass . ! ” cried mordaunt . inquired winter . dantès . hand , but the king still held it . me to death ; it is men who make you weep . ” the ground , the two adversaries took their stations , and the duel began . is always remorse from the indulgence of our passions , and , after all , what have you men to fear from all this ? allowed to fall on their knees before their sovereign , and that they might move	70.30181121826172
her to compassion ; but they were prevented by the royal guard and the queen proceeded on her way , haughtily disdainful of their entreaties . <unk> smiled , and the perspiration dried on his forehead . king or no king ; if he be acknowledged as sovereign of france , he should be <unk> in peace and tranquillity ; and this can best be effected by employing the most inflexible agents to put down every attempt at <unk> ’ tis the best and surest means of preventing mischief . ” you would have caused him an access of his disease . leave this chamber , understand , john , ” continued the baron . old man was so strange that , instead of being the result of	100.35832214355469
the power of his will , it might emanate from enfeebled organs . ill at ease ; the remains of luxury prevented him from sinking into his actual position . and a splendid duel , too ; a duel in which i hope you will take your part . ” landlord , then ? ” asked porthos . ” cried renée , clasping her hands , and looking towards her lover with piteous earnestness , “ be merciful on this the day of our betrothal . ” and desire my valet de chambre to come hither . ” , ” said the host , “ i ’ ll give the pie and the bottle of wine to your servant , and in this way you will have the	55.07078170776367
pen and ink into the bargain . ” she said , “ to my lord duke of buckingham , london . ” old man stopped her . on which the count of morcerf had left danglars ’ house with feelings of shame and anger at the rejection of the projected alliance , m. andrea cavalcanti , with curled hair , moustaches in perfect order , and white gloves which fitted admirably , had entered the courtyard of the banker ’ s house in rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . that she had felt no pity for poor mercédès , who had been <unk> with as severe a blow through her husband and son . , ” continued beauchamp , “ to tell you , albert ,	56.69609832763672
that in this changing age , the faults of a father can not revert upon his children . then , mademoiselle , ” said emmanuel . limbs with a woollen cloth ; another , whom he recognized as the one who had cried out “ courage ! ” held a gourd full of rum to his mouth ; while the third , an old sailor , at once the pilot and captain , looked on with that egotistical pity men feel for a misfortune that they have escaped yesterday , and which may overtake them tomorrow . ” said aramis ; “ at the cry ‘ jesus seigneur ’ we go out , upset all that stands in our way , run to our horses , jump into	118.23747253417969
our saddles , spur them ; is that all ? ” the parliament , which , supported by the citizens , replied by declaring that cardinal mazarin was the cause of all the discontent ; denounced him as the enemy both of the king and the state , and ordered him to retire from the court that same day and from france within a week afterward ; <unk> , in case of disobedience on his part , all the subjects of the king to pursue and take him . duc d ’ antin removed in a single night a whole avenue of trees that annoyed louis xiv . said , “ here is a draft at sight . ” white flag was floating over the heads of the	75.72492980957031
four friends . , my friend ; only you must please to remember that this is friday . coward ! ” said monte cristo . , came out an instant after by the door , and satisfied himself that the woman was in the carriage . corridor ; milady recognized the step of lord de winter . at five o ’ clock and bring that worthy monsieur du vallon with you . , at last ! coadjuteur . monte cristo , “ is the politeness of kings , according to one of your sovereigns , i think ; but it is not the same with travellers . la carconte , rising and descending to the chamber with a tolerably firm step ; “ what diamond are you talking	38.30305862426758
about ? ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ my fingers were caught between two <unk> of the wall and that of my <unk> the skin was broken . ” ? ” asked blaisois sharply , “ is that their true drink ? ” , penetrated into the room through the window , the curtains of which raoul had neglected to close on the previous evening . lose 700,000 francs ; let him bear his share of the loss , and we will go on as before ; if not , let him become bankrupt for the 250,000 livres , and do as all <unk> <unk> . one grand point . ” uneasy , but instead of seeking , like m. morrel , to aid dantès	53.800262451171875
, he had shut himself up with two bottles of black <unk> brandy , in the hope of drowning reflection . reposed in his chair , crossed one leg over the other and lounged about like a man perfectly at his ease . tree , and with that scrutinizing glance which was so rarely deceived , looked up and down the avenue , examined the passers-by , and carefully looked down the neighboring streets , to see that no one was concealed . me to do so , d ’ artagnan ? ” caress the little <unk> . hat , ” said aramis . has not treated me as the master of the house , —the only title i desire with respect to you ; there is not	57.070682525634766
one , in fact , who would have dared to speak of me as i have spoken of them this day . other so well , ” said monte cristo with renewed energy . <unk> year . ” same <unk> as milady , thinking that as his sister-in-law employed them they must be the best . then ? ” carry her , but could not do it . ; at <unk> we will rouse you . ” him , and made him inhale some salts , which recalled him to life . speak to monsieur d ’ artagnan , who must follow the bearer . ” , monseigneur , because it <unk> with <unk> [ minister ] . , dining-room , two drawing-rooms , billiard-room , staircase in	64.08080291748047
the hall , and a little back staircase . ” pocket . majesty that if she does not sign to-day she will not have time to sign to-morrow . ” and prayed , with her head buried between her palpitating arms . here ; i simply told them where you were . austria was full of gayety and animation ; for , after having gained a victory over the spaniard , it had just gained another over the people . up to ? ” — “ still my unknown protector ! hundred steps ere he perceived the strange change which had been made in the streets of paris . he bolted them both . he had received . with a damask cloth and arranged upon it so many	69.26695251464844
things , gilded , perfumed , appetizing , that d ’ artagnan was quite overcome . t ! talk with the boy , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and make out if you can from his conversation whether his master is dead . ” to me , d ’ avrigny ? ” said villefort in despair ; “ so soon as another is admitted into our secret , an inquest will become necessary ; and an inquest in my <unk> ! time , dear d ’ artagnan , ” said aramis , “ and by taking part in our discussion may assist us with your intelligence . , count , ” exclaimed albert , delighted at the idea of having to <unk> so distinguished a person	48.72391128540039
as monte cristo ; “ tell me truly whether you are in earnest , or if this project of visiting paris is merely one of the chimerical and uncertain air castles of which we make so many in the course of our lives , but which , like a house built on the sand , is liable to be blown over by the first <unk> of wind ? ” the idea you have , and two or three times the same fancy has come over me ; but i have always given it up . breakfasting , with the appetites of <unk> and with that brotherly cordiality which <unk> men in misfortune , d ’ artagnan related how aramis , being wounded , was obliged to stop at	94.98152160644531
crèvecœur , how he had left athos fighting at amiens with four men who accused him of being a coiner , and how he , d ’ artagnan , had been forced to run the comtes de wardes through the body in order to reach england . describe the persecutions exercised by the cardinal upon his enemies . ” said milady , “ is the <unk> of england , the persecutor of true believers , the base ravisher of the honor of so many <unk> who , to satisfy a caprice of his corrupt heart , is about to make england shed so much blood , who protects the protestants today and will betray them <unk> ” know me ? sire , ” replied villefort . it is	86.39559173583984
for my valet ; twice , for my majordomo ; thrice , for my steward , <unk> i do not waste a minute or a word . ? ” some paintings . most charming mistress , viscount , ” said the count in a perfectly calm tone ; “ and this <unk> ball costume , <unk> her admirably . ” ” replied milady . have found a corpse ; the general has been killed , and in all countries they call that a murder . ” your sins , we have the archbishop of paris , who has the very greatest power at the court of rome , and even the coadjutor , who possesses some <unk> <unk> ; we will recommend you to him . ” ,	56.573360443115234
my lord ! ” he . in a voice so choked that they were hardly audible , and then stopped , passing his hand over his eyes as if to dispel a cloud ; but after a moment ’ s silence , he continued : little village of eccuis , in which there is but one <unk> shield of france . man returned covered with dust , his errand was performed , and two minutes after , another man on foot , muffled in a mantle , opened the little door of the garden , which he closed after him . on , athos and aramis were entering paris by the faubourg st. antoine . see his own valet de chambre , whom he had not brought ,	42.96654510498047
that he might not inconvenience monte cristo . he may remain within , that i shall go and see him immediately . ” his heels , arrived breathlessly at the councillor ’ s door , and knocked violently . require two years for me to communicate to you the stock of learning i possess . ” and mazarin ascertained that the seal was intact . that was to cause the disappearance of the london executioner . coadjutor , ” said bazin . to our sorrows , which you couldn ’ t share without crime , you alone among us have discovered what we were searching for in vain . he muttered to himself , “ don ’ t let me betray my secrets to a man not inclined	62.78963851928711
to entertain them . ” , the curtain of a small gallery which to that time had been closed , was drawn , and the pale face of the cardinal appeared , he being dressed as a spanish cavalier . proceeded thus , the <unk> sounding so near that they expected at each discharge to hear the hum of the balls . ruin us all ! ” out of the window , exchanged a few words with him in a low tone , and the steward disappeared . large couch , and madame danglars passed into her dressing-room with mademoiselle cornélie . the four friends , who had finished their modest repast , separated , with the promise of meeting again that evening . do ? a week	55.423683166503906
. , and go on with your story . ” , you have still on your brow your master ’ s blood ! , monsieur , lest it be observed that we go out together . ” groslow ; “ what king ? ” is it ? ” loves me , my mother . ” said caderousse , “ or i shall be unable to sign it . ” could not last forever . but i do not understand what it is that <unk> you in this manner . ” repeated anne ; “ i thought , sir , that it was kings alone who abdicated ! ” of carriages . ” said caderousse , “ all my happiness is <unk> by one thought ? ” a young	31.842674255371094
woman of five or <unk> , with a dark complexion , and light and lustrous eyes , veiled beneath long lashes . answer , ” replied the secretary , smiling , “ which he must transmit to his majesty if , by chance , his majesty should have the curiosity to know why no vessel is to leave any of the ports of great britain ? ” shrank from an encounter ; in short , he had been a soldier and arms <unk> a man ; it was , therefore , on the footing of friends that d ’ artagnan and planchet arrived in the neighborhood of blois . had pretended to be a curate for the purpose of getting his mistress married , and securing her a	66.5776596069336
position . it all . didn ’ t breathe a word as to the purpose of our visit ? ” soul were already hovering over my body , my eyes , which i tried to open , closed against my will , and what will appear impossible above all to you , sir , i saw , with my eyes shut , in the spot where you are now standing , issuing from that corner where there is a door leading into madame villefort ’ s <unk> saw , i tell you , silently enter , a white figure . ” replied athos , “ for myself i have nothing to demand . was an object of almost paternal interest to one of the principal <unk> of the	64.65303039550781
day , who excited her to spare no pains in the cultivation of her voice , which might hereafter prove a source of wealth and independence . formed his handkerchief into a loop . hunting with the king . iron men who never fell dead . and quitted the box . that the queen and he did not see each other ? ” effort to do so , my good man. ” said d ’ avrigny . ” to furnish me with the address of both fernand and danglars , in order that i may execute edmond ’ s last wishes . ” . ” ” he murmured , “ i am in the hands of the brigands of whom albert de morcerf <unk> ” his first idea	57.69428634643555
was to breathe , that he might know whether he was wounded . , my lord , but tremble ! the old man . i replied , ‘ it is not for myself that i entreat your <unk> should grieve for him or avenge him , but my poor brother had a wife , and were anything to happen to me , the poor creature would perish from want , for my brother ’ s pay alone kept her . men , ” said he , “ i accuse this woman of having poisoned constance bonacieux , who died yesterday evening . ” . to handle a sword ; you have <unk> of iron , a wrist of steel . only never drank , but more , that	54.38381576538086
he had a kind of repugnance to wine . to prove the crime , was preparing his brief with the same ardor that he was accustomed to exercise when required to speak in criminal cases . sir , ” said she ; “ i have had greater men than you <unk> ! ” make use of a diligence , equally so to engage post-horses ; to travel either way a passport was necessary . out , and did set out at that very instant , carrying with me the beginning of my great work , the <unk> of the italian kingdom ; but for some time the imperial police ( who at this period , quite contrary to what napoleon desired so soon as he had a son	106.97804260253906
born to him , wished for a partition of provinces ) had their eyes on me ; and my hasty departure , the cause of which they were unable to guess , having aroused their suspicions , i was arrested at the very moment i was leaving piombino . woman excused herself , the more important bonacieux thought the secret which she declined to confide to him . at a quarter to nine at the gate . shall be a splendid funeral ! ” forgive for my sake , who love you still ! ” our neighbor , <unk> , was at bastia , leaving no person in his house but his wife ; no human creature beside could hear or see anything that took place within our	137.17022705078125
dwelling . dowry had been mentioned , morrel had been silent and sad . d ’ artagnan , in the time of the cardinal , mixed up in some intrigue from which he came out , according to report , quite cleverly ? ” your titles after the example set you by <unk> de montmorency and <unk> ? say of it in the world ? ” ” cried felton , with terror , forgetting to withdraw his hands from the hands of the prisoner , “ to kill yourself ? ” the diamond studs , on a bow of the same color as the plumes and the <unk> . told her mother , that although he was apparently so calm , she had noticed that her father ’	55.01860427856445
s heart beat violently . will talk of it . ” ? ” murmured villefort , clasping his hands . milady , in an anxious tone ; “ explain yourself , for i really can not tell what you mean . ” m. morrel has promised him the thing . ” had disappeared , only i had still the knife in my hand . property . ” ll fix that all right . stones , i suppose , ” said franz with an incredulous smile . the foundling asylum , where i was registered under the number 37 . my friends ! <unk> , and went from thence to <unk> , where i arrived just in time to witness the raising of the siege . him . than	50.80706787109375
that , he lets it to the minister of finance while he lives in a simple house . so that you may return peaceably to france after a few years . required but one glance at mademoiselle danglars to comprehend the <unk> of morcerf ’ s remark . ” asked d ’ artagnan . ” replied the cardinal . ; that is all i have to say today . to be exercised . , and we believed that not being on duty we were at liberty to dispose of our time as we pleased . count our money and divide it . s hand as though he would crush it . you , sir , that this abuse of power , this exile under a fictitious name ,	58.59965133666992
are infamous ! ” ” said he ; “ here is a soup which is rather inviting . ” and the proof is that there were five of the cardinal ’ s guardsmen against my three musketeers and monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” , and i will introduce him to you . ” inform him of your arrival . ” to go near him—at least tonight ; and if tomorrow your curiosity still continues as great , pursue your researches if you will ; but tonight you neither can nor shall . tell you all ; but take away the young man ; i can not endure his presence . ” ” he said ; “ non siete tedesco ; siete <unk> . ” nubian slave ,	72.47096252441406
who rendered this service to madame de villefort . ” ” , stupefied , annihilated . that was yesterday , when i was telling you silly stories , it was proper to tell me that , and not this morning . marked as such and sent to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation at the address specified in section 4 , “ information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . ” father ! ” exclaimed andrea , evidently charmed with the idea of his speedy departure . some clew . ” key with you ; you are active , vigorous , and you have arms . he was active , strong , and full of presence of mind . minutes in the cavern , the	55.763824462890625
atmosphere of which was rather warm than damp , dantès ’ eye , habituated as it was to darkness , could pierce even to the remotest angles of the cavern , which was of granite that sparkled like diamonds . to the duke and every day the cardinal received fresh accounts of him which were as unpleasant as possible to the minister . . ” the appointment , the young man had established himself in the small salon downstairs . the fifty pistoles he had won the night before and thirty more besides , was very cross and questioned d ’ artagnan with a nudge of the knee as to whether it would not soon be time to change the game . ” said caderousse , “ you	77.66410064697266
are getting on better terms with your old landlord ! ” ’ s turn to fix his piercing eyes on louvieres . , waking up one morning without queen or king , surrounded , besieged , <unk> for its sole resource its stupid parliament and their coadjutor with crooked limbs ! ” that period we were not at war . the health of edmond and the lovely mercédès . ” you to say to me ? ” he resumed ; “ let us return to that subject . ” am not a millionaire , like the gentleman in the next apartments , ” said franz , “ i warn you , that as i have been four times before at rome , i know the <unk> of all	78.620849609375
the carriages ; we will give you twelve piastres for today , tomorrow , and the day after , and then you will make a good profit . ” artagnan , ” replied aramis , “ you understand , when i was a musketeer i mounted guard as seldom as i could ; now when i am an abbé i say as few masses as i can . silent , and riches , consideration , even honor , shall surround you ; threaten to speak , and i will condemn you to infamy . ’ duc de beaufort or the duc de bouillon , and to tell them about this . ” ” said albert , passing his hand across his eyes , “ i know she would	54.26680374145508
; but better so than die of shame . ” in the house was extinguished , and it might have been thought that all its inmates slept . noirtier . has no connection whatever with the present occasion . hands , lord de winter taking the rue saint honore , and athos and aramis remaining together . shaken and it is to little purpose for devoted hearts to serve the interests of princes . albert to normandy when he knew the final blow was near . yard , and wished to saddle the horses ; but the horses were all used up . expedition we surely ought to have brought our muskets . ” perceived that the top of a wardrobe and the marble of a commode were	96.95915222167969
covered with empty bottles . speaking of athos . , and proposed to him to accompany me , endeavoring to tempt him by all the promises most likely to dazzle the imagination of a child of twelve . abbé busoni nor lord wilmore , ” said monte cristo ; “ think again , —do you not recollect me ? ” far from it ; but as it is well known , the puritans did not pique themselves upon their poetry . excited in the chase ; first it flies , then <unk> , and at last , by the very force of desperation , sometimes succeeds in eluding its <unk> . the king , “ the scotch sell their king for two hundred thousand pounds ! , as	86.61107635498047
he says , ” cried porthos ; “ he will be one , sooner or later . ” o ’ clock . more lively with each successive step ; their nostrils reddened like glowing <unk> . he was a strapping fellow of forty , or five-and-forty , who had more than once , in time of danger , given ample proof of his presence of mind and courage . ” indeed lost a son ; but—— ” you are punctual , thank you ! ” was expressed on the lips of the procureur . arrived in a city , when they had conducted the king to his quarters the four friends either retired to their own or to some secluded cabaret , where they neither drank nor played	96.47643280029297
; they only conversed in a low voice , looking around attentively to see that no one overheard them . of this boy ? ” but an imperious glance from the stranger stopped him short ; he bowed humbly and retired . . . ” his master ’ s words , then , kneeling on one knee , respectfully kissed the hand of the count . . ” their seats towards a small table , on which were arranged music , drawings , and vases of flowers . is there anything to be so surprised at ? ” he said . ; it is what i have just reproached you for . track of the man who appointed the meeting with him . ” affairs when , the	52.26952362060547
day after his interview with m. de boville , the confidential clerk of the house of thomson & french of rome , presented himself at m. morrel ’ s . the lobby ? ’ said the president . d ’ artagnan , abandoning the attempt to burst open the panel after several ineffectual attempts , “ athos , i can not imagine how you can talk to us in that way . wonder at the livid countenance of faria , whose eyes , already dull and <unk> , were surrounded by purple circles , while his lips were white as those of a corpse , and his very hair seemed to stand on end . . , athos . ” , ” was his comment . ” said	39.554473876953125
de comminges ; “ sleep well ! ” carpet , when the count sprang forward and raised her . he , which meant , ‘ do you see him ? ’ ‘ parbleu ! ’ i answered , and we perfectly understood one another . think , there are paltry country <unk> who have all some title or another and pretend to go back as far as charlemagne , or at least to <unk> <unk> . , as you said just now , you have the means of having dantès arrested . . madame danglars , resolving to make a last effort , “ this young man , though a murderer , is an orphan , abandoned by everybody . ” , then ; we will simply settle	80.48194885253906
our hats on our heads and we will escort his eminence . ” the month m. morrel had passed many an anxious hour . allow yourself to be <unk> by vain hopes , that even your own excellent heart refuses to believe in . assist your researches , ” said maximilian . it ? ” my tenant , although he does not pay me my <unk> even better on that account ought i to know him . planchet , but he had seen nothing of d ’ artagnan ; they wished to take planchet with them , but he could not leave his troop , who at five o ’ clock returned home , saying that they were returning from the battle , whereas they had never lost	65.34925842285156
sight of the bronze equestrian statue of louis xiii . ” himself owned , the <unk> son of major cavalcanti was a wilful fellow . said she , as she took the pen , “ is it not <unk> ? to defend him ? ” ” said athos , “ it must be preserved carefully . and at a sign from his hand , the carriage went on for a short distance . s perceptions remained tolerably clear , owing to the constant presence of m. noirtier , who caused himself to be carried to his granddaughter ’ s room , and watched her with his paternal tenderness ; villefort also , on his return from the law courts , frequently passed an hour or two with his	58.22783279418945
father and child . friend , ” said madame danglars , with the same simplicity we before noticed , “ it is a fact . project gutenberg™ hated during his lifetime and whom they now praise after his death , was even less popular than i am . by the beautiful glow which mounted to her cheeks . mind , then , for the least awkward means of retreat , when he remarked that aramis had let his handkerchief fall , and by mistake , no doubt , had placed his foot upon it . the vicomte . so ? ” in that way ; but it is not they who <unk> me with the most wounding reproaches , but—— ” valentine , at the height of her	62.79936981201172
terror , “ you say you endured tortures when you saw the deadly poison poured into my glass ; but if you saw this , you must also have seen the person who poured it ? ” ” and the most <unk> is my condition as a mortal being . ” cried porthos ; “ i am not by any means resigned . ” , ” cried d ’ artagnan , springing to his sword , “ this time he will not escape me ! ” it is , first . ” four together and without a scratch ; which is a consolation . ” repent ? ” remembrance of monsieur the cardinal . but a man of middle height , dressed in black , apparently of a	48.20960998535156
certain age , for the end of a gray beard peeped out from the bottom of the mask that hid his features . is , about half-past twelve , madame danglars ordered her carriage , and went out . three words to you , monsieur chevalier , ” stammered the _soubrette_ . me who the devil should know in france that the officer fernand and the count of morcerf are one and the same person ? that lord de winter was her brother-in-law , and not her brother . said athos , resuming his cloak and putting on his hat , “ now that i have drawn your teeth , <unk> , bite if you can . ” ” said the abbé , turning towards dantès , and	51.30478286743164
surveying him with the kindling gaze of a prophet , “ you are young , you will see all this come to pass . ” , when playing in the park of fontainebleau , or in the palace courts at versailles , ever to have seen the sky grow suddenly dark and heard the sound of thunder ? ” place in less than three months , ” said villefort . her in your power , why did you not drown her , strangle her , hang her ? ” said porthos . be secret , my good monsieur ? ” said the old man . i think they are poor , sir . ” has granted what i desire . ” man ’ s forehead , and he	46.36079406738281
looked around him with anxiety . fere and the chevalier d ’ herblay , ” said aramis . to direct his course as clear from it as he could when , on the opposite side of the road , from behind a rock , he perceived the extremity of another musket . <unk> in the pictures of rubens . and had the vexation of hearing that the prisoner played , drank , sang , but that whilst playing , drinking , singing , he often stopped short to vow that mazarin should pay dear for all the amusements he had forced him to enter into at vincennes . and take charge of you on the sea , and to conduct you to this castle . my husband would	80.46755981445312
be at home , i hastened hither . ” in the morning , the dinner was brought in at its usual time . not to reply to this question , the queen having put it in an almost dying voice . , then ? ” ? ” inquired the young man , perceiving that valentine hesitated . , ” said aramis . son of one of the <unk> merchants in london . ” reached that supreme moment when the bravest feel a shudder in their veins , when suddenly , in the direction of the rue de l ’ arbre-sec , the crowd opened , crying : “ long live the coadjutor ! ” and gondy , in <unk> and cloak , appeared , moving tranquilly in the	46.070770263671875
midst of the fusillade and bestowing his benedictions to the right and left , as undisturbed as if he were leading a procession of the fete dieu . ” she muttered , “ ah , sir , ” and this was all . kindness on the part of the count , ” said beauchamp , “ and i have brought some weapons which i bought eight or ten days since , thinking to want them on a similar occasion . cushions of silver cloth brought there , and as he <unk> his chibouque , see all paris pass before him . ” it myself . done to you ? ” exclaimed villefort , whose mind was balancing between reason and insanity , in that cloud which is neither	78.07220458984375
a dream nor reality ; “ what have i done to you ? would be , in fact , almost an abdication , and an abdication requires reflection . ” away , as it is ; but , as i before said , i was anxious to get rid of them upon any terms . , ” replied athos , “ is in the service ; he is a soldier and obeys all constitutional authority . that is understood , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ france needs you . ” it attentively . said d ’ artagnan . monsieur , ” said milady , in a voice whose singular sweetness contrasted with the symptoms of ill-humor which d ’ artagnan had just remarked ; “ you	43.067176818847656
have today acquired eternal rights to my gratitude . ” well to sleep here and to start again very early to-morrow . ever since two seconds , whom i had chosen to arrange an affair , forced me to break the arm of one of my best friends , one whom you all <unk> franz d ’ épinay . ” haydée , raising her head , “ was that illustrious man known in europe under the name of ali tepelini , pasha of yanina , and before whom turkey trembled . ” you somewhat corsican , a great deal smuggler , and an excellent steward ; but i see you have other <unk> to your bow . the carmelites at béthune , the trial in the isolated house	84.91011047363281
, and the execution on the banks of the lys . . own opinion , albert ? ” first , then the representative of m. cavalcanti , senior , then the baroness , afterwards the “ future couple , ” as they are styled in the abominable <unk> of legal documents . quite elated about it ? ” forward , then the other way , <unk> round and round , and then good-bye to the _pharaon_ . and find that young man with your daughter , he might be displeased . ” i was just asking myself whether i had not wished harm towards those poor morcerfs , which would have justified the proverb of ‘ he who wishes misfortunes to happen to others <unk> them <unk> ’	112.063232421875
well , on my word of honor , i answered , ‘ no ! ’ i wished no ill to morcerf ; he was a little proud , perhaps , for a man who like myself has risen from nothing ; but we all have our faults . been running very fast , mademoiselle , but i must do m. morrel the justice to say that he ran still faster . ” he perfectly understood the old man ’ s vocabulary , and if he did not use it more often , it was only indifference and _ennui_ which prevented him from so doing . attendant of madame danglars entered the boudoir ; approaching her mistress , she spoke some words in an undertone . . ” ,	92.04804992675781
” repeated athos , “ you who are her judges , what is the sentence you pronounce upon this woman ? ” rather face your majesty , however threatening your smile , than face those demons who accompanied me hither and who sprung from i know not whence , unless from deepest hell . ” found that the house in the champs-élysées is his own property , and certainly it was very decently kept up . intercepted your confidence , and yet i know all that as well as you , and i have no conscientious scruples . not , for it was in reality a little boy . can be found to describe the days which they occupy in descending ? perceived , and yet , to	134.62710571289062
his praise we speak it , he did not hesitate a second . then , that any harm can have happened to him ? ” asked aramis . to that ; my scruples do not go thus far . ” 95 . ; she fancies , too , that she saw a phantom enter her chamber and even heard the noise it made on touching her glass . ” , and my clothes are ready packed , ” said morrel in his tranquil but mournful manner . whole body . ” this little property when i quitted the army , as i told you . nothing , or rather he only saw morrel , whose calmness had a frightful effect on those who knew what was passing in	84.09925842285156
his heart . indulgence of his <unk> encouraged him . yesterday after you left me ? ” howled ; and her voice was lost in the great voice of nature , which also seemed to groan with despair . last , he had not sufficient strength to rise and cast his supper out of the loophole . by a struggle ? , ” said the bandit , “ it is my favorite work . ” had predicted , it became possible to find mme . our dear monsieur coquenard ? of lord de winter were heard ; but this time the terrible brother-in-law of milady did not content himself , as on the preceding day , with passing before the door and going away again . for its	62.72335433959961
taste and <unk> ; but in spite of himself , his eyes were directed to that door which kitty said led to milady ’ s chamber . had hanged her ; but then athos would tell that she was branded . a signal , and , as if only awaiting this signal , the yacht instantly put out to sea . and chibouques ; as to m. baptistin , this portion of the building was <unk> to him . ) has not left bourges , and the <unk> is in the enjoyment of profound peace . knows him is his friend . ” the taciturn grimaud , here ? ” thought d ’ artagnan , “ there are so many things his silence would have told me ;	72.00749206542969
with grimaud silence was another form of eloquence ! ” , filled with surprise and terror . ” said morrel ; “ it is extraordinary ! ” de chevreuse ? ” ” has been passed in <unk> ; i wish to forget it myself . ” , ” said porthos . twelve sailors under me , and if you question them , they will tell you that they love and respect me , not as a father , for i am too young , but as an elder brother . ” the king , looking at a clock , “ there , now , as it is half past eight , you may retire ; for as i told you , i expect someone at nine . had	40.71004104614258
many moments of despair . noirtier , fixing a majestic look on the young man . since we are to converse in a private room . that he meant to afford you that agreeable surprise . ” the sea , blacker than the sky , rose <unk> the vast stone structure , whose projecting <unk> seemed like arms extended to seize their prey , and on the highest rock was a torch lighting two figures . so sure of his being the winner of the jockey club prize ? ” andrea looked around , in order to assure himself that he could neither be seen nor heard , and then , stopping the horse and crossing his arms before the man , he asked : you know ,	106.52577209472656
my dear captain , a judge must hear both sides . ” preparations for raoul ’ s departure and was seeking to gain time . make your twelve thousand francs ? the shape of the figure of 8 , thus , in its windings , making a walk of sixty feet in a garden of only twenty . you could arrest the progress of two horses rushing forwards with ungovernable fury ? ” impossible to doubt it , ” cried he , suddenly . yesterday , d ’ artagnan , ” said he , “ i can tell that by my tongue , which was swollen and hot this morning , and by my pulse , which was very tremulous . anne of austria , in an undertone	70.90091705322266
, “ find some very dull book to read to his majesty , but do not undress yourself . ” i say ; —one never has too much ; —but , at the same time , my boy , i am as much obliged by your offer as if i took advantage of it . ” my life in his hands and gave it to me . on with frightful speed . candle , i hurried to the staircase ; about midway a body was lying quite across the stairs . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ do not let us lose our time in jesting . repast , when i felt myself sink by degrees into a strange torpor . ” whispered aramis to athos	67.24752807617188
, touching his shoulder with one hand and pointing with the other to the arms which the gascon wore under his belt . said andrea ; “ i will let you know a week beforehand . ” and was playing a game at _lansquenet_ with mousqueton , to keep his hand in ; while a spit loaded with partridges was turning before the fire , and on each side of a large <unk> , over two <unk> dishes , were boiling two stewpans , from which exhaled a double odor of rabbit and fish <unk> , rejoicing to the smell . . ” quitting d ’ artagnan , gave him his sister ’ s address . second , or rather this first king of france , became desirous	79.22769165039062
that he , too , should have his guard . grimaud is an old and zealous servant ; he will follow you . ” had allowed himself to be carried away , and that he had committed an error . ” inquired the owner , eagerly . danglars , “ pen , ink , and paper . ” . ” the gascon , “ give me your apartment on the first floor ; now that i am a captain in the royal musketeers i must make an appearance ; nevertheless , reserve my old room on the fifth story for me ; one never knows what may happen . ” ’ artagnan . ” m. danglars ’ speeches , ” said debray ; “ he votes for you	41.90110778808594
, for he belongs to the opposition . ” for instance , to give information to the procureur ? ” monte cristo uttered the last words with so much meaning that morrel , starting up , cried out : like queens . ” ! <unk> madame de villefort ! ” cried the procureur from the door of his chamber , which apparently he scarcely dared to leave . strength failed him , he seemed unable to sustain himself above the water and a wave passed over his head , which drowned his voice . occurs to me that the puritans are furious against buckingham , and their <unk> designate him as the antichrist . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , whilst the boat was taking them to	53.240413665771484
the standard , “ it is astonishing how that young man resembles some one i must have known , but who it was i can not yet remember . ” give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . to that poison , you have endeavored to <unk> the effect of a similar poison ? ” noirtier ’ s joy continued . in constant fear of being forced from that position , i am armed to the teeth . ” danglars , who had shown violent marks of agitation during the sitting , and been more bitter than ever against the ministry , re-entered his carriage , and told the coachman to drive to	75.41442108154297
the avenue des champs-élysées , no . mousqueton . rest , between noon and one o ’ <unk> ” , —they may be hidden , but they never close ; always painful , always ready to bleed when touched , they remain fresh and open in the heart . eloquence . he should first taste the liquor which the tankard contained before taking it to his companions , the door of the cellar opened and a man with a lantern in his hands and enveloped in a cloak , came and stood just before the <unk> , behind which grimaud , on hearing him come in , instantly crept . and those of england , though taking now <unk> directions , are very nearly the same . passion	122.0074234008789
, roaring on the deck like a <unk> that has been embarked , had been tempted to throw herself into the sea that she might regain the coast , for she could not get rid of the thought that she had been insulted by d ’ artagnan , threatened by athos , and that she had quit france without being revenged on them . your carriage ? ” asked morcerf . corridor , and barred his passage with the more intrepidity that , after many years of trial , bazin found himself near a result of which he had ever been ambitious . said athos , first breaking the silence , “ d ’ artagnan has given us an excellent program , and the letter must be written	51.5286750793457
at once . ” young man , ” said buckingham , holding out his hand to d ’ artagnan , who pressed it respectfully . a reddish color , which dissolved immediately . this marriage really grieves you too ? , my friend has three magnificent estates : that of vallon , at <unk> ; that of bracieux , in the <unk> ; and that of pierrefonds , in the <unk> . ” rejoined monte cristo , “ that however thomson & french may be inclined to commit acts of imprudence and folly , the baron danglars is not disposed to follow their example . ” delicacy , ” said andrea , <unk> the notes hastily into his pocket . a laugh . s energetic and violent temper	62.263702392578125
; it must be , indeed , a dreadful blow which would deprive him of courage to defend himself . working , ” said the procurator , gravely . and returned in five minutes with a phial . has conquered me , the legitimate monarch is he who is loved by his people . ” fever , which for an instant abandoned her , returned to give <unk> to her eyes , color to her cheeks , and <unk> to her lips . xv . ” murmured he , “ in my house ! ” owe me a fearful grudge . ” can i confide in you ? ” this ? ” the year previous to my imprisonment . that if in the depths of the heart there	58.38954162597656
is a sentiment more tender , it reaches then , quite naturally , the highest <unk> of which it is capable . said athos , on perceiving the host . was a famous french sculptor ( <unk> ) . one another . love . ” they sleep ? ” he asked . ! ” replied the gascon . albert ’ s hope , the day passed <unk> by any incident , excepting two or three encounters with the carriage full of roman peasants . caderousse , “ what a strange priest you are ; you drive the dying to despair , instead of consoling them . ” you have done ? ” said the king . results of the painful struggle of civilization in its infancy , when	55.76581573486328
man was learning to control mind , were it even by an emissary from the realms of darkness . ” replied athos . ” replied the faithful cloak bearer of anne of austria , “ but too late , perhaps . ” adieu , my beloved protector . ” for us , aramis ; but by our holy father the pope , cut it short , for i shall <unk> you in my turn , i warn you . ” again into england for the purpose of conspiring against my life . ; yet you have something to tell me ? ” replied the count with increased anxiety . five days for the <unk> of the money , four or five days for her to return ; that	52.26538848876953
makes ten days . what do you say to a cart ? will be sending us a hundred <unk> beasts who will pick us off like <unk> in this place . , ” he said ; “ but as they are necessarily submitted to the process of <unk> function which it is frequently impossible for a fainting person to <unk> prefer my own specific . ” milady showed her the cardinal ’ s order . of a man like you has done more than my name , my social position , and my merit . ” then ? ” much the more annoying , as , according to the characteristic modesty of a frenchman , albert had quitted paris with the full conviction that he had only to	84.06614685058594
show himself in italy to carry all before him , and that upon his return he should astonish the parisian world with the recital of his numerous <unk> . the officer , and upon his refusal , uttered such pitiable cries that the officer told him that if he continued to <unk> him thus , he should put a gag in his mouth . i will inquire . ” , he says sinbad the sailor ; but i doubt if it be his real name . ” ’ — ‘ who is it ? ’ — ‘ a woman , accompanied by a servant. ’ everyone looked at his neighbor . <unk> athos ; “ everything is arranged and decided . ” going . ” said induces me	85.93882751464844
to hope that you intend breakfasting with me . ” , and showed her astonishment by a look which would doubtless have had some effect upon her husband if he had not been intently occupied with the paper , where he was looking to see the closing stock <unk> . the abbé , becoming more and more fixed , seemed to rest with ill-concealed satisfaction on the gloomy depression which was rapidly spreading over the countenance of caderousse . so picturesque with their long and flowing robes , but are they not now hideous with their blue <unk> buttoned up to the chin , and their red caps , which make them look like a bottle of wine with a red seal ? this , my dear child	79.97540283203125
? ” de winter , the corrupted catholic , knows very well that i am not of his religion , and this is a snare he wishes to lay for me ! ” the beautiful vasiliki . ” religion at all ; i like that best , ” replied lord de winter , laughing . i perceive i must do as you wish . ” aqueducts , those stone phantoms which he had before remarked , only then they were on the right hand , now they were on the left . a young man , scarcely nineteen or twenty , and this gentleman must be thirty at least . to read in the general ’ s face if this was simply a useless question , or whether	59.89023971557617
he knew everything . we had ours ; we didn ’ t exchange them . , it is the same . ” . at blois would be dangerous to his youthful mind . where i expect to find letters , and you go to the first tavern in the town , to l ’ <unk> du grand henri for instance , refresh yourselves , and in two hours be upon the jetty ; our boat is waiting for us there . ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . said d ’ artagnan , “ but only his lantern ; where the devil , then , is he ? ” replied grimaud . was at the top of a small mountain , which no doubt in former days	51.080047607421875
had been a <unk> extinct volcano before the days when <unk> and <unk> had deserted <unk> to come and found the city of rome . freely . to me about the circumstance which has just happened ? ” letter contains . ” , and his apartments at rome were not yet available , he accepted the proposition . the swiss , enchanted that a man like athos could envy him anything . extraordinary , ” said château-renaud ; “ still , what i admire the most , i confess , is the marvellous promptitude with which your orders are executed . rome will be present , and if your fair _incognita_ belong to the higher class of society , she must go there . ” that ? ”	76.47315979003906
asked the queen , almost timidly . aramis ; “ knowest thou not , then , mordaunt ? said the man , “ you are fully persuaded of my entire devotion to you , are you not ? ” make my observations , or the frenchman will transact his business without my knowing the sum . ” handfuls of pearls , diamonds , and other gems , many of which , mounted by the most famous workmen , were valuable beyond their <unk> worth . as many as we shall want . believe that it is my father , say so immediately ; and if , on the contrary , you believe it to be him , state your reasons for doing so . ” ” said madame	65.64383697509766
de chevreuse , “ unless you are the devil in person i don ’ t know how you could become acquainted with all these details . ” patrimony will go to endow charitable institutions , and my father will have deprived me of my lawful inheritance without any reason for doing so , but i shall have the satisfaction of knowing that i have acted like a man of sense and feeling . abyss ; what an abyss ! ” cried felton . a buffet a piece of cheese , some preserved <unk> , and a cake which she had herself made of <unk> and honey . woman did not prevent milady from thinking . cold , he asked for his gown , which was brought to him	69.88896179199219
. the ground , he was at the <unk> . coming over yonder . ” be seen , for it is in franz d ’ épinay ’ s possession , signed by me , and with a postscript of m. luigi vampa . smugglers , but i thought that since the capture of algiers , and the destruction of the <unk> , pirates existed only in the romances of <unk> and captain <unk> . ” and breathed with that regular respiration which announces tranquil sleep . ” ” , i will tell you . ” . last night , when fortunately you did not accompany him , as his carriage was crossing the rue de la ferronnerie his guards insulted the people , who began to abuse them	57.911338806152344
. of that ; or , if she did , it was only in the same way in which i think of her . ” the country . , or was he face to face with reality ? sinister project of the queen . sullen murmurs arose together . , ” said d ’ artagnan to mazarin , who sprang into the carriage without waiting for a second bidding . the doctor , “ is it you ? ” brought , and jacopo offered him the gourd . by a spirit of disturbance which , i greatly fear , blood alone can <unk> . ” ” said athos . he began to agitate his nose and his jaws after the example of his clerks . ” of our	50.743019104003906
leading a delightful life upon this 3,000 francs . ” ? ” four ? ” inquired caderousse . where you yourselves sleep ? ’ monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” cried a servant , throwing open the door of the cabinet . ” said porthos . , and read : have recourse to violence , he understood the reasons d ’ artagnan had given him ; besides , completely ignorant of the friendship which existed between the four frenchmen , all his uneasiness disappeared when he heard of the plausible motive of the ransom . the doors of the house . louis before me ; put down the same sum , so that they who have lost may have nothing to complain of . replied porthos , “	49.206966400146484
it would be imprudent to attempt the same manoeuvre again ; it is said that no man can succeed twice in the same way , and a failure would be ruinous . young man eagerly . selected the most <unk> cabbage , for instance . , ‘ oh ! ’ ” , some have suffered so much , and yet live , and have raised a new fortune on the ruin of all the promises of happiness which heaven had made <unk> the fragments of all the hope which god had given them ! between <unk> as far as valenciennes , falling back upon <unk> . subject to the weaknesses of my sex , i am alarmed at the idea of civil war ; a queen , accustomed	84.7940673828125
to be obeyed , i am excited at the first opposition . ” ” replied the minister ; “ but he is advancing by gap and <unk> . ” only be approved of , but directed by the church . had resolved to die , and during the four days that he had been carrying out his purpose , edmond had not spoken to the attendant , had not answered him when he inquired what was the matter with him , and turned his face to the wall when he looked too curiously at him ; but now the jailer might hear the noise and put an end to it , and so destroy a ray of something like hope that soothed his last moments . , duchampy	69.41852569580078
, and lecharpal . ’ ” the past ? ” asked porthos . too much ! ” cried buckingham , making a step toward the door . to do with this milady ? ” we can depend , i hope . ” the young man . speed ; her two <unk> were like two wings with which she <unk> the water like a bird . , and exchanged a few words with them . said the traveller . prophet , and things progressed rapidly , as he had predicted . villefort , closing the door after him , “ it is i , who am come in my turn to ask you if we are quite alone . , in heaven , that the duc de beaufort is	32.74374771118164
to escape , he will escape ; and all the precautions of the cardinal will not prevent it . ” most graciously welcomed , while eugénie received him with her accustomed coldness . acknowledged no other king but his eminence . are a great man ; and when you occupy monsieur de tréville ’ s place , i will come and ask your influence to secure me an abbey . ” , who seemed to him the more reasonable of the two ; we must do him justice , —he had had a great many frenchmen in his house , but had never been able to comprehend them . himself ready to reveal all . of ideas , ” said porthos , with admiration . athos , “	45.56344985961914
i may be mistaken , i haven ’ t the unerring eye of d ’ artagnan . ” the power of convincing milady . young man . each other , and at this moment a pistol-shot and cries for help were heard . comminges , “ declare yourself at once ; will you obey or do you intend to rebel against the king ? ” is delicately organized , and she is peculiarly susceptible to the <unk> even of <unk> , there are some which cause her to faint if brought into her presence . preceding operations in england might have been discovered . on my return , you shall sleep tonight in the conciergerie . ” yours are very <unk> to be hanged . ” villefort ,	71.39886474609375
how would you advise me to act ? ” asked he . a native of the universal country was apparent in the fact of his knowing no other italian words than the terms used in music , and which like the “ <unk> ” of <unk> , served all possible <unk> requirements . sir ? ” asked morrel , with a sickness of heart . the baron , “ is mortally wearied , and passes whole days in watching his miners at work at <unk> . ” raising of the famous dyke which was to starve la rochelle . said d ’ artagnan , turning to the servant , “ tell his eminence that in half an hour i shall be at his command . ” albert ,	71.52245330810547
in his turn looking around to see what lucien was doing . oliver , with a slight curl of his lip , “ i forgot that every service merits some reward and that up to this moment you have not been paid . ” ! ” the comte de la fere . ” , ” said château-renaud ; “ i have heard of these things every day during the last eight years , and i can not understand them yet . ” . lost ! ” cried he . i presume that every town in france is indifferent to you ; if you prefer another , name it ; but you can easily conceive that , surrounded as i am by influences i can only muzzle by discretion	64.1727523803711
, i desire your presence in paris to be unknown . ” fault , it declares that it is on the track ; and the government patiently awaits the day when it comes to say , with a <unk> air , that the track is lost . ” , and the chain ran rattling through the <unk> . here ? ” he asked in a lofty tone , as that of one accustomed to command . her chamber , and d ’ artagnan was about to retire , when he felt his shoulder lightly touched . my friend ? ” ’ s all settled ; only it will be an infamous shame ; ” and he stretched out his hand to reach the letter . oh , madame	43.68519592285156
, m. danglars is so skilful , he will soon regain at the bourse what he loses elsewhere . ” name , ” said the lieutenant , “ and had one day triumphal honors paid to it . ” remain in the house , my lord ? ” asked baptistin . ” said he , reasoning to himself according to the strangely easy morality of that gallant period , “ there is one who will be equipped in good time ! ” château-renaud , “ i was not wrong just now then , when i said that houses had souls and faces like men , and that their <unk> carried the impress of their characters . ’ s bidding ; and after pouring some into a glass ,	78.7872543334961
and slowly swallowing its contents , the abbé , resuming his usual <unk> of manner , said , as he placed his empty glass on the table : crime , ” said monte cristo . , and if porthos makes no <unk> ” and struck it once . room . with such a solemn air and with such a real appearance of terror , that athos eagerly seized his hand , crying , “ are you wounded , my friend ? pity towards you , maximilian , <unk> to me <unk> i do not cure you in a month , to the day , to the very hour , mark my words , morrel , i will place loaded pistols before you , and a cup of the	66.75589752197266
deadliest italian <unk> poison more sure and prompt than that which has killed valentine . ” of the family , and at the same time one of the <unk> men of the day , and very fond of valentine , whose birth he had witnessed . grace has , in the precipitation with which he quit the isle of ré , forgotten and left behind him in his lodging a certain letter from madame de chevreuse which singularly compromises the queen , inasmuch as it proves not only that her majesty can love the enemies of the king but that she can conspire with the enemies of france . my poor sister would go to the town , five or six leagues off , to purchase the earliest	81.08084869384766
fruits and the most tempting sweetmeats , preferred to palma grapes or genoese preserves , the <unk> stolen from a neighbor ’ s orchard , or the dried apples in his <unk> , when he could eat as well of the <unk> and apples that grew in my garden . the world . ” the baron , “ assassinated . ” said d ’ artagnan . three o ’ clock , a single blow struck on the gong summoned ali to the presence of the count . already told you that if you ever call me anything but chevalier i will break every bone in your body . by the other door . ” but to that i answer that it is impossible . ” his <unk> ,	63.17085266113281
in terms clear and precise . brains out of the first man who leaves the pump , ’ said he . ” <unk> , excellency . ” only to take the right-hand staircase in the courtyard , and knock at number five on the second floor . ” , before he died , give you a letter for me ? ” a leaden one , because his beard , like that of most fair people , was rather red ; he therefore dyed it thus whilst combing it . will soon be taken away . ” ’ artagnan , i am nothing more than a good honest country gentleman . me , ’ he said , ‘ to have my guards provided with better horses ; for if	86.34761810302734
they had been able to keep up with you and if each one of them had done as much as you and your friend , you would have kept your word and would have brought him back to me dead or alive . ’ ” but four years old when one night i was suddenly awakened by my mother . birth , possessor of an ample fortune , you have consented to gain your promotion as an obscure soldier , step by <unk> is uncommon ; then become general , peer of france , commander of the legion of honor , you consent to again commence a second apprenticeship , without any other hope or any other desire than that of one day becoming useful to your fellow-creatures	82.22627258300781
; this , indeed , is <unk> , —nay , more , it is sublime . ” officer , put on a felt cap with a red feather , hung on a long sword , buckled spurs to his boots , wrapped himself in an ample cloak and followed the curate . strength to do anything but to spend my days in prayer . water and the decanter from valentine ’ s room . ” leave us , count ? ” said madame de villefort . said , as he ascended the stairs leading to his wife ’ s room , “ nothing is changed here . ” ; take back those horrible vegetables , and that poor <unk> ! to reveal your good luck ; no one	61.96006774902344
asks for your <unk> the world knows your discretion . horse on and pursued his road , followed by planchet at the same pace . ” room , calling for help as loudly as she could , when suddenly her window , which was twenty feet from the ground , was opened , a young peasant jumped into the chamber , seized her in his arms , and with superhuman skill and strength conveyed her to the turf of the <unk> , where she fainted . have been abducted , madame . ” service . ” the ends of the bed , took the sack by its extremities . replied the gascon , “ but i always run away from compliments . vengeance passed across the usually calm	66.10539245605469
brow of this gentleman . ready to set sail , upon the deck of which they recognized mordaunt walking up and down impatiently . of that cottage , silent and obscure , which had no doubt seen all , and could tell its tale . severe with the <unk> . count desired me to tell you that he should take advantage of this visit to plead for you and for himself . ” between the confident monarch and the truthful minister . , and as it was drawn by two excellent horses , they were soon at the place royale . of m. de tréville went on <unk> . the procurator ’ s wife . ” , to tell them that at the moment at which , discouraged	51.17600631713867
by so many fruitless investigations , we were about to abandon our search , we at length found , guided by the counsels of our illustrious friend <unk> paris , a manuscript in folio , endorsed <unk> or <unk> , we do not recollect which , having for title , “ memoirs of the comte de la fère , touching some events which passed in france toward the end of the reign of king louis xiii . in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance . the church of st. louis au marais . irritated against them , they would depart without being seen ; if the king consented to see them , they would only have to be called . your excellency ? ”	77.80455017089844
, and a letter from the king , our husband and master . ” followed the gentleman at a distance of five hundred paces . the direction of the traveler ; then , when he was within ten paces of him , he commenced a conversation which almost always ended by the traveler ’ s abandoning his purse to save his life . the usual hour , and was conversing on the melancholy event which was to attract the attention of the public towards one of their most illustrious colleagues . ’ artagnan ! ” cried grimaud , “ impossible . ” a few near relatives alone entered the <unk> . an expression so full of grief , that she arrested the departure of the notary . ?	50.72936248779297
” ” cried edmond , falling on his knees before his father . of cardinal spada , and the will so long sought for , ” replied edmond , still incredulous . when some one touched him on the shoulder . that my will should be respected in my family , and that the folly of an old man and the caprice of a child should not be allowed to overturn a project which i have entertained for so many years . for him . which you have said is too clear to require any explanation , ” replied d ’ artagnan , in a low voice , “ i beg you to follow me . ” he now ? ” asked he . in spite of himself	30.569133758544922
. the count , “ you know that you are now in france , and are free . ” great lady she would have fainted ; but as she was only a procurator ’ s wife , she contented herself saying to the musketeer with concentrated fury , “ eh , monsieur porthos , you don ’ t offer me any holy water ? ” but i think you have still a good number of <unk> , sparrow <unk> , and <unk> . ” me immediately , if he has returned . ” plan was very simple . . d ’ artagnan ? ” ” said the landlord triumphantly , and without waiting for franz to question him , “ i feared yesterday , when i would not	29.115388870239258
promise you anything , that you were too <unk> is not a single carriage to be <unk> is , for the three last days ” only four or <unk> had nearly fifty years to live . cromwell , “ but the lord did not suffer that sacrifice to be accomplished . ” guitant , although your intention was perhaps not very favorable to me , for such an opportunity . ” for three . ” them ? ” deprived of reason , yet he was meditating . name of an island , and he has a family name . ” drawn into one of those fantastic intrigues one meets in dreams . the two fugitives to the end of their journey ? ” said athos . full gallop	66.16670227050781
; the prince is with <unk> ! were taken this morning , will you let me have them ? ” with twenty of my best men , who , at a signal from me , will rush forward directly peppino is brought for execution , and , by the assistance of their stilettos , drive back the guard , and carry off the prisoner . ” too ; but a letter which madame bonacieux has received from madame the constable , and which she has had the imprudence to show me , leads me to believe that these four men , on the contrary , are on the road hither to take her away . ” time , the intonation was so soft that , however strange the	69.28211975097656
speech might seem , it was impossible to be offended at it . you , mercédès , was myself , my dignity , and that strength which rendered me superior to other men ; that strength was my life . ” said his <unk> . so , then . are and don ’ t you stir , or i will pull this ear off . if we can not escape we will talk ; you of those whom you love , and i of those whom i love . chest , and in this position he paced his study ; then he threw himself , dressed as he was , upon a sofa , less to sleep than to rest his limbs , cramped with cold and study	72.64350128173828
. ” “ la <unk> <unk> ” she was the widow of the marquis de <unk> when she married de ganges , and having the misfortune to excite the enmity of her new <unk> , was forced by them to take poison ; and they finished her off with pistol and <unk> . was mad . i know , ” was the reply . emerald , and the largest i have ever seen , ” said château-renaud , “ although my mother has some remarkable family jewels . ” a step backward and raised his sword ; but bernajoux cried out that it was nothing , and rushing blindly upon him , absolutely <unk> himself upon d ’ artagnan ’ s sword . the twenty minutes had elapsed	74.32577514648438
after madame danglars ’ departure before he left the house . , but tonight you are brutal . ” that franz recognized him ; and yet he had not let fall a single word indicating any previous acquaintance between them . road , excellency , and now you can not again mistake . ’ for tomorrow , and my cashier shall call on you with a check for eighty thousand francs . ” , grandfather , ” said the young girl . , you can imagine that they are but little in the vein for conversation . ” is not you alone this matter concerns , but my lord and his unworthy servant , myself . ” ” answered the abbé ; “ i had none but what	68.31326293945312
i made for myself . ” his ancient name of vallon ? ” he remembered to have observed a similar shadow . to ask you for an interview of half an hour . ” the count , “ i was making a suit . ” time i have done so for sixteen days . ” , but met with a smooth surface ; dantès touched it , and found that it was a beam . young woman and a child of about seven or eight clasped in each other ’ s arms . was established , they set about driving the english from the isle . when he saw a huguenot coming , he felt himself filled with such ardent catholic zeal that he could not understand how	61.89681625366211
, a quarter of an hour before , he had been able to have any doubts upon the superiority of our holy religion . he called pistache , he was often shut up for hours alone , superintending , as every one supposed , its education . xiii . 44 . ” said debray , “ madame was making inquiries about that house , which for the last three months has been hung with black . ” . ” heart , aramis , one deeper and more <unk> wound made by a woman . ” , but the way by the subterranean passage would take too much time and i have none to lose . ” ? ” disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation	84.41178894042969
of certain types of damages . are going to , ” replied d ’ artagnan , pointing to grimaud , who had already climbed some five or six feet from the ground . and in an hour afterwards , as the count had said , was scarcely distinguishable in the horizon amidst the <unk> of the night . ” said aramis , blushing . the island of lemaire and cape <unk> , a quarter of a league distant , dantès saw a fishing-boat driven rapidly like a spectre before the power of winds and waves . ; i will entertain you tonight . is quite necessary , ” replied madame de villefort , with all a mother ’ s real firmness . sir ? ” he did not	35.57358932495117
reply , repeated his question . fight , ” said athos . ; and already , at the cry of “ _moccoletti_ ! ” repeated by the shrill voices of a thousand <unk> , two or three stars began to burn among the crowd . it was not for the emperor , it was against the bourbons ; for m. noirtier possessed this peculiarity , he never projected any <unk> schemes which could never be realized , but strove for possibilities , and he applied to the realization of these possibilities the terrible theories of the mountain , <unk> that never shrank from any means that were deemed necessary to bring about the desired result . ” as if nothing had happened . all probability , poisoned my	113.19204711914062
brother , and in order to inherit from me she was about to assassinate me in my turn . let us agree that the word poison does not exist , because in medicine use is made of the most violent poisons , which become , according as they are employed , most salutary remedies . ” he said . that planchet in resuming his former functions resumed also his former humility and was not ashamed to make his breakfast on what was left by d ’ artagnan . they do at paris , madame , if i have the good fortune to find someone who will <unk> me into the prevalent ideas of amusement . ” refer ? ” said monte cristo with well-feigned interest . service to	85.20692443847656
your majesty ? ” said all at once a voice full of sweetness and pity . alone whom i love . ” the excitement of a furious <unk> or of a tigress shut up in an iron cage . , but i may be prevented . ” ” was villefort who seemed to entreat , and the prisoner who reassured him . , and see that my orders are executed . ” prayers , sobs , and imprecations had changed it so that at times it was of a singularly penetrating sweetness , and at others rough and almost hoarse . on the drawer of a small chest between the windows . be devoted to that very queen for whom just now you were seeking servants . ”	67.71454620361328
it . ” shall benefit by your advice this very evening . ” be a very happy one , ” said the count , as if speaking to himself . mazarin , “ what are you about ? ” s face suddenly brightened . king , who gave him a somewhat cavalier reception , but a look from his mother <unk> him for the hatred which , from his infancy , louis xiv . me , mademoiselle ; i shall be a bad judge in such a case ; my selfishness will blind me , ” replied morrel , whose low voice and clenched hands announced his growing desperation . your correspondent in yanina , and ask him what part was played by a frenchman named fernand mondego	70.99954223632812
in the catastrophe of ali tepelini . ” precious privilege of assuring you of my fond , faithful , and unalterable affection , whenever you visit your favorite <unk> , unless , indeed , it <unk> your pride to listen to professions of love from the lips of a poor <unk> , clad in a blouse and cap . ” the king to go to bed ; call laporte . ” , unhappy strangers , trot at the heels of your <unk> , like so many <unk> , because no carriages or horses are to be had in your beggarly city . , and if i occasionally become a confidant of the intrigues of others i am sure your eminence will approve of my keeping them secret .	115.2120361328125
” fault of the age . ” has an open look about him that pleases me , in spite of the singular remark he has made about me . ” the affirmative . the young men in chorus . , i am come to ask a favor of you . ” justice has its formalities . ” ” repeated villefort , as he approached his <unk> “ yes , that woman must live ; she must repent , and <unk> my son , the sole survivor , with the exception of the <unk> old man , of the <unk> of my house . i have two guests . said emmanuel , ‘ have the goodness to address yourself to m. delaunay . and egotistical animal . come when	53.94025802612305
i leave my dear grandmamma , ” she replied , feeling , with true delicacy , that the person to whom she could be of the most service just then was madame de saint-méran . one there except a musketeer of his own troop , he fixed his eyes upon the supposed soldier , in whose dress , nevertheless , he recognized at the first glance the cardinal . do so , ” said the young man , with a quickness which gave proof of his ready invention . or stupidity , all morrel ’ s correspondents did not take this view ; and some even came to a contrary decision . ; her eyes first flashed and then swam , she staggered towards the door and disappeared	81.07435607910156
. torture the heart , it is when a lover receives under a name which is not his own protestations of love addressed to his happy rival . you were just speaking have been traced by all young men of ardent <unk> . by violence , if our love is mutual ? laughing at me ; send tomorrow at twelve , and the bank shall be <unk> . ” cried , in an accent of despair , “ the count has deceived me ; i am yet living ; ” and extending his hand towards the table , he seized a knife . a tailor , till the trade fell off . that , my boy ? the young men obeyed , pulling up their steeds , and	86.79914855957031
at the same moment the two valets were seen returning at a gallop . dark blue coat ? ” porthos . belonging to this company in the ante-chamber ? ” <unk> in this country ? ” asked major cavalcanti innocently . signor pastrini . for the pleasure you give me in thus affording me the opportunity of thanking you as i have blessed you , from the bottom of my heart . ” monte cristo , “ it was m. de villefort ? ” said to himself , “ if i only had for a confessor one of those lights of the church , whose soul has sounded all the mysteries of life , all the <unk> of greatness , perhaps his utterance would <unk> the voice that	50.68262481689453
<unk> within my soul . all ! observed that he could not continue his journey . ” united states , check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading , copying , displaying , performing , distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg™ work . just gone out . ” of this ? ” , and by a look asked the banker for an explanation . ! ” and throwing his arm around the young girl ’ s waist , he pressed the hand of valentine , and disappeared . just made a little excursion to the <unk> <unk> . ” affair ? ” , she thought she recognized the french officer who had	30.839859008789062
been sent to constantinople , and in whom my father placed so much confidence ; for he knew that all the soldiers of the french emperor were naturally noble and generous . with you , then ? ” said d ’ artagnan . grow late , and then , as today , people went to bed early in the quarter of the luxembourg . here on his own account , for i have heard that these gentlemen born beyond the <unk> are very vindictive . features were no longer contracted , and now wore their usual expression , but there was that in his whole appearance that bespoke one who had come to a fixed and desperate resolve . cried . , ” said the marshal . interrupted	64.92820739746094
château-renaud ; “ and pray that , if you should ever be in a similar <unk> , he may do as much for you as he did for me . ” approached , and said , — , my dear son ? ” said the major gravely . , they do not perceive that it is not the italian who speaks french badly , but those who can say fine things to them in the purest parisian accent , who are their real foes . minutes the staircase groaned beneath an extraordinary weight . the assistance of the english fleet and of the diversion promised by buckingham , surrendered after a siege of a year . the vizier of yanina had up to the last moment honored him	80.0223617553711
with his entire confidence , since he had interested him with a negotiation of life and death with the emperor . ; for at ten paces from the dying man her legs had failed her , and she had dropped on her knees , so that the young man feared that the ball that had brought down his enemy , had also wounded his betrothed . home in thoughtful mood , finding a somewhat lively pleasure in carrying mazarin ’ s bag of money and thinking of that fine diamond which he had once called his own and which he had seen on the minister ’ s finger that night . up all albert ’ s successive caprices , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> whole orchestra , for	95.9351577758789
albert had had not a taste but a fancy for music ; <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> music had been succeeded by painting ; foils , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> , following the example of the fashionable young men of the time , albert de morcerf <unk> , with far more perseverance than music and drawing , the three arts that complete a dandy ’ s education , <unk> , fencing , <unk> , and <unk> ; and it was here that he received grisier , cooks , and charles <unk> . if you were only to touch me with the tip of your finger the fit would return . ” brother killed him . ” d ’ artagnan , “ how did you	73.24237060546875
escape ? ” propose to do , ” said athos . i pocketed 600,000 francs the day charles v. repassed the <unk> . king was going to bed and not to his coffin . the answer , “ but it has lost nothing by waiting . ” crown , <unk> at this moment , are to <unk> rebellion in a neighboring nation . is an eternity for me . be <unk> loved ! ” unusual smile were bestowed on m. danglars ; the count , in return for his gentlemanly bow , received a formal though graceful courtesy , while lucien exchanged with the count a sort of distant recognition , and with danglars a free and easy nod . ! well received . . ? ” asked	103.88919067382812
the traveller , to whose orders the yacht was for the time submitted , in a melancholy voice . dash past here , drawn by the pair of dappled gray horses you saw me with yesterday ; now , at the risk of your own life , you must manage to stop those horses before my door . ” reached the <unk> point ; he opened his eyes and looked through the window , expecting to find himself in the midst of some town , or at least village ; but he saw nothing except what seemed like a ruin , where three or four men went and came like shadows . ” said d ’ artagnan . i to him . athos , <unk> , “ i	55.44485855102539
saw him . of m. de salvieux , who recommends him to me , i entreat your majesty to receive him graciously . ” when the carriage stopped suddenly ; the count had just pulled the silken <unk> , which was fastened to ali ’ s finger . brother ? ’ asked he . ” said athos , “ i will take care of that . ” his predecessor a hundred pistoles for his . ” he , “ is it you , captain ? me ? ” toward the door , used to call out : “ halloo ! debray . arrived , in safety at notre dame , at the front gate of which all the clergy , with the coadjutor at their head , awaited	37.39007568359375
the king , the queen and the minister , for whose happy return they chanted a te deum . have hopes of obtaining what i have been for years endeavoring to persuade the marquise to promise ; namely , a perfect <unk> and forgetfulness of the past . ” in silence . with ali , entered hurriedly , and by the servants ’ staircase , of which he had the key , gained his bedroom without opening or <unk> a single curtain , without even the porter having the slightest suspicion that the house , which he supposed empty , contained its chief occupant . whether from devotedness or from want of power to act against it , this maxim , without being generally adopted , nevertheless passed	142.45590209960938
from theory into practice ; but the notes did it injury . reply , stopped not , and all that was heard was the noise of swords drawn from the scabbards and the cocking of the pistols with which the two phantoms were armed . ” replied monte cristo ; “ but you see i make no resistance . ” excellency he is the most famous bandit we have had since the days of <unk> . ” and found the carriage at its post and the musketeer on the box . of the room . ? ” my way about the city with my eyes shut . ” the first street they came to . you , sir ? ” asked maximilian . replied the major . at	36.25129318237305
the door looking after porthos with a mournful gaze , when the baron , after walking scarcely more than twenty paces , <unk> <unk> his forehead with his finger and exclaimed : know ; we separated , as you know . two companions turned their backs , and commenced a retreat which resembled a flight . of m. de tréville in practice instantly , d ’ artagnan directed his course toward the rue des fossoyeurs , in order to superintend the <unk> of his valise . must be the devil in person ! ” cried the stranger . whom we believe we have sufficiently explained the <unk> character which , like that of his companions , we shall be able to follow in its <unk> lackey was called	55.60026550292969
bazin . his right of using his . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ give your swords to monsieur mouston , who will return them to you at the proper time and place , and do not forget you are our prisoners . ” until this evening in the palais de justice . , i understand how you study theology . ” , if there be need of it , meaning to offer you fifty pistoles , if , against all probability , you should be short at the present moment . ” asked danglars . my place and am not so presumptuous . to the day , the very hour and the date is a sacred one , maximilian . grew still darker . for	53.04755401611328
these men which i can not comprehend . ” , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ notwithstanding your forty thousand francs a year , and perhaps even for the very reason that you have forty thousand francs a year , it seems to me that a little coronet would do well on your carriage , hey ? ” to take a charming promenade ; here is a delicious breakfast ; and yonder are five hundred persons , as you may see through the loopholes , taking us for heroes or <unk> classes of imbeciles greatly resembling each other . ” perceived the queen he escaped from laporte and ran to meet her . o ’ clock the road of chaillot is quite deserted ; you might as	72.18901062011719
well go and ride in the forest of bondy . ” to it and made his preparations to depart . not die ; but will you promise me , whatever happens , that you will not complain , but hope ? ” i go , i depart ! s strength had been equal to her hatred , mme . one side beneath a new and unexpected weight and grimaud uttered a shout of joy ; every one turned around and beheld athos , livid , his eyes dim and his hands trembling , supporting himself on the edge of the boat . him , ” returned monte cristo ; “ but i shall probably soon make his acquaintance , for i have a credit opened with him by	61.515132904052734
the house of richard & <unk> , of london , arstein & eskeles of vienna , and thomson & french at <unk> ” as he pronounced the two last names , the count glanced at maximilian morrel . lord winter marching at the head of his regiment . , ” said mordaunt , looking at them with an expression he vainly <unk> to soften , “ my soldiers will guard them , and guard them well , i promise you . ” conversion ! ” murmured the duke , looking at the king and dandré , who spoke alternately , like virgil ’ s shepherds . side of his master ; and it was to this address that he owed the long and constant favor of a king	71.91793060302734
who has not left the reputation behind him of being very faithful in his friendships . felicity from heaven , what joys from paradise , are <unk> in a moment like that . ” asked the wounded man , fixing his half opened eyes on grimaud . de villefort , —you , who are necessary to m. noirtier ’ s <unk> ” he , “ there is a horse for my lackey , and my valise . ? ” asked kitty . concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the united states . of the salon was another portrait . i have bu ... complete silence , during which dantès , still listening , knew that the doctor was examining the corpse a	65.67448425292969
second time . , ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders . been my own son , ” replied bertuccio , “ or even my nephew , i would have brought him back to the right road , for the knowledge that you are doing your duty gives you strength , but the idea that i was striking a child whose father i had killed , made it impossible for me to punish him . thought there was some secret understanding in that quarter ! ” and she <unk> read the following few lines : this box , which you will not open until you are on the other side of the channel . ” his drawer he said , — “ good , it is available for	49.91322326660156
two months longer . ” twenty years , during which time i did not know what to do with myself , it never occurred to me to come to study rueil . ” was in very good spirits , would neither believe nor think of the misfortune , but mademoiselle valentine , at the first words , guessed the whole truth , notwithstanding all the precautions of her father ; the blow struck her like a thunderbolt , and she fell senseless . ” bertuccio planted an entirely bare court with poplars , large spreading sycamores to shade the different parts of the house , and in the <unk> , instead of the usual paving-stones , half hidden by the grass , there extended a lawn but that	83.66021728515625
morning laid down , and upon which the water was yet glistening . wars ? ” in time to receive a gracious wave of the fan from the baroness ; as for mademoiselle eugénie , she scarcely vouchsafed to waste the glances of her large black eyes even upon the business of the stage . safe ? ” said he , timidly . had an appointment with a duchess , he endeavored even to borrow it of athos . they brought me the _tavolettas_ . ” d ’ artagnan , who could not believe what the hostess and bazin had successively told him ; and he gazed , half stupefied , upon the three persons before him . debray ; “ i recognize this hobbema . ” step	77.84614562988281
, ’ said they , ‘ and you are a dead man . ’ the mission with which you wish to charge me ; and as i desire to continue to merit the confidence of your eminence , deign to <unk> it to me in terms clear and precise , that i may not commit an error . ” said aramis , “ i must confess i feel a great repugnance to fire on these poor devils of <unk> . ” me ? ” he had received ; it was the first rendezvous that had been granted him . ” said athos . not say of poison , but we can prove what was the state of the body ; we shall discover the cause of her sudden	33.62019729614258
death , and we shall say , ‘ dear villefort , if this thing has been caused by negligence , watch over your servants ; if from hatred , watch your enemies . ’ ” the postscript ? ” however , he regrets your absence extremely . struck deeply in his heart . de bragelonne in flanders , your honor . ” to the bank of the river . impossible but that master aramis , that <unk> bloodhound , and athos , that wise and prudent nobleman , will discover our retreat . much confidence in the word of his friend that he lowered his head , and entered the inn without reply . ” on a physical medium , you must return the medium with your written	91.36121368408203
explanation . to present you , ” and rochefort walked on . long circular benches , reposed the elect ; that is to say , those who were called . my senses or not , ” answered franz , “ that is the way i feel . ” carriage without seeming to recognize the musketeer . am now at liberty to believe , without too much fatuity , that you love another , ” said the young man , in a caressing tone , “ and i repeat that i am really interested for the count . ” you are ! —you will not interfere in anything . ” please , viscount . ” target morcerf picked up two or three swallows that had been rash enough to	56.85447311401367
come within the range of the count ’ s pistol . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ from behind which the rochellais annoyed our workmen . ” of all consciences . , leaving madame danglars in the street . <unk> . unknown manuscript at a period in which historical science is carried to such a high degree appeared almost miraculous . ” said planchet , “ i saw one fall at each of his two shots , and he appeared to me , through the glass door , to be fighting with his sword with the others . ” to the greatest degree . him , ” said milady to herself . bring you your two hundred francs . ” valentine , “ he is too	55.87649154663086
much the friend of madame de villefort ever to be mine . ” madame de morcerf ’ s , are you not ? ” the leather they eat the soles , i can not see much that is left unless they eat one another . ” infamous de wardes , ” said milady , between her teeth , “ and i shall soon know how to get rid of you—you double idiot , you animated sword blade ! ” two , and saluted each other politely . the young man ’ s indifference . future captain of mine is a lucky dog ! was you ! ” my wine ? ” and when the door was closed he drew out of his pocket a pencil and a sheet	51.96095657348633
of paper . no one but myself , and i shall defend myself vigorously , i give you warning . ” of armed men , ” continued d ’ artagnan . , his eminence will be forced to renew his company in three weeks , and i to put the edicts in force in all their <unk> . d ’ artagnan , “ it is because i am the most unfortunate . ” , give me , if you have not lost it , the <unk> which contained the letter . ” minister ’ s . looks out upon a kind of open gallery , where patrols are continually passing , and <unk> keep watch day and night . ” in france , and knew the traitor lived	50.8686408996582
in paris , i have watched carefully . arms of porthos and aramis , and threw himself like a madman on the corpse of his mistress . and monte cristo made a sign with his hand to the notary , which said , “ i have no further need of you ; you may go . ” that is he ; how is it , sir , that you are acquainted with this man ? to , rest assured . the first demonstration i make in favor of <unk> ali , the sultan send me the <unk> , and make my secretaries strangle me . ” care to camp on the place royale with all these people , ” he said . prudent you must not take me	38.49922561645508
for a fool . father ! ” murmured she , “ courage ! ” a proverb which says that ‘ red is either altogether good or altogether <unk> ’ the proverb was but too correct as regarded benedetto , and even in his infancy he manifested the worst disposition . terrible , ” he said . eagerness of his father , responded by a look of grateful pleasure ; while mercédès glanced at the clock and made an expressive gesture to edmond . had safely passed the strait , which some <unk> shock has made between the <unk> and <unk> islands ; had doubled pomègue , and approached the harbor under topsails , jib , and spanker , but so slowly and <unk> that the idlers , with	123.92462921142578
that instinct which is the <unk> of evil , asked one another what misfortune could have happened on board . to note by what fragile and unknown threads the destinies of nations and the lives of men are suspended . that the thief heard no sound ; but , to his astonishment , the room was suddenly illuminated . crouching behind a <unk> filled with leaves ; the something rose , uttering an exclamation of astonishment , and monte cristo found himself facing a man about fifty years old , who was plucking strawberries , which he was placing upon grape leaves . o ’ clock , monsieur de gondy , having finished his business , returned to the <unk> palace . doubts ; i have courage enough	96.15017700195312
for any danger i can foresee , for every misfortune which i understand . ; ” and without ascending the stairs the guide conducted him by a subterraneous passage to another entrance . ” asked raoul , astonished . . that this frightful combination of crimes has been invented by a woman ? ” ourselves the poniards and the rope , ” replied the duke . vampa took the dead animal on his shoulders , and carried him to the farm . anne , “ but you know why and how i see you ; because , insensible to all my sufferings , you persist in remaining in a city where , by remaining , you run the risk of your life , and make me run the	75.42002868652344
risk of my honor . ” sarcastically and his smile began to make the gascon anxious . of you to trouble yourself about me . ” sir , ” answered de chatillon , with as much hauteur as aramis . clock in the afternoon . , have pity on me ! ” murmured the executioner ; and he fell back on the bed , pale , trembling , and apparently about to die . said porthos . can not be far off , only the doors are locked . ” as he would a guardian angel , to give him food ; he offered him 1,000 francs for a mouthful of bread . with this stranger ; but as soon as he is gone , if you will	38.80583190917969
permit me , i will return . ” of the repast had not been able to seat themselves according to their inclination rose unceremoniously , and sought out more agreeable companions . one point and that was , cunning ; had they been actuated equally by courage , the one would have done great things for the other . <unk> poet ? have i to say ? ” , turning to porthos , “ i should not regret dying , sir , were i sure that by doing so i might still be useful to you . ” i have that of the garter , which king charles i. gave me some days before he died . ” ” ” said anne , “ why do you not	64.65373992919922
kiss me ? ” references to project gutenberg : in entering , milady leaped lightly to the ground , and tried to conceal behind her the improvised cord she held in her hand . in due order , —the accusation , examination , morrel ’ s petition , m. de villefort ’ s marginal notes . . steps beyond the door i had examined the house on all sides . great attention , while exchanging the customary compliments ; both were very handsome , but of quite different <unk> of beauty . you were born to be a general , and the cardinal , who fancies himself a great soldier , is nothing beside you . ” of restoring <unk> and clearness to his judgment . by a	82.81303405761719
few moments ’ private conversation ? ” are an <unk> of paintings , at least i judged so from the attention you appeared to be bestowing on mine when i entered the room . d ’ artagnan , “ don ’ t call him porthos , nor even vallon ; call him de bracieux or de pierrefonds ; thou wilt <unk> out damnation to my mission otherwise . ” not appear ; for a scene , half tragedy and half comedy , had been performed by him with mousqueton and blaisois , who , frightened by the noise of the sea , by the whistling of the wind , by the sight of that dark water yawning like a gulf beneath them , shrank back instead of going	114.18856048583984
forward . wanted to have her brother-in-law killed ? ” dying with hunger . ” say to you ? the lock of the first door , and the creaking of hinges was audible . extended his hand to the <unk> , to summon the servant whom his son had not called . monsieur , you will remember that man who has just gone out , will you not ? ” , i am overwhelmed with delight . ” of france , i think ? ” the magistrate , with an accent of horror and consternation , “ are you still <unk> on that terrible idea ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ tell us all about it . ” clothed herself with that magic <unk> which she assumed	29.480504989624023
and threw aside at will ; that is to say , beauty , meekness , and <unk> above all , the irresistible attraction of <unk> voluptuousness , the most devouring of all voluptuousness . the cardinal as soon as possible . ” , and if you fail to come , i shall think—for how do i know to the contrary ? —that this house , which has remained uninhabited for twenty years , must have some gloomy tradition or dreadful legend connected with it . ” , my dear villefort , ” said the doctor ; “ grief may kill , although it rarely does , and never in a day , never in an hour , never in ten <unk> ” villefort answered nothing , he simply	104.173828125
raised his head , which had been cast down before , and looked at the doctor with amazement . fifty to two hundred thousand livres per annum . ” should wish to keep my illusions concerning <unk> <unk> ; it is quite enough to have those dissipated which i had formed of my fellow-creatures . being able to follow her ; she was like people who dream they are pursued , and who in vain try to walk . , count ! ” days , after having made a splendid dinner , he reckoned his accounts , and found that he had only 50,000 francs left . precisely the feeling which i experienced when i first saw that extraordinary man . ” me to say ? ” .	53.909507751464844
” swung over his shoulder , gaetano had the other , and a sailor held his rifle ; his dress , half artist , half dandy , did not excite any suspicion , and , consequently , no disquietude . ” said the gardener ; “ not in the least , since there is no danger that anyone can possibly understand what we are saying . ” bouquet ; teresa returned <unk> this with the consent of the chief , who was in the carriage . ” now that he had begun to fear , and yet these names , powerful though they were , had often caused him to smile with the same kind of satisfaction experienced by a traveller who from the summit of a mountain	75.22554016113281
beholds at his feet the <unk> <unk> , the almost impassable paths , and the fearful <unk> , through which he has so <unk> climbed . and i have spoken to god ; last of all i speak to you . ” said morrel , calmly . ” said aramis . same hour , the jailer came again . gentle to your eminence . ? ” them , ” said athos , half aloud , “ and we are but three ; we shall be beaten again , and must die on the spot , for , on my part , i declare i will never appear again before the captain as a conquered man . ” inherits nothing from his mother , will , therefore , be	48.45145034790039
poor in comparison with me . young men of rank and fortune , had his orchestra stall , with the certainty of always finding a seat in at least a dozen of the principal boxes occupied by persons of his acquaintance ; he had , moreover , his right of entry into the <unk> box . his letter . again , dear friend ! ” he cried , in a voice which was now changed from a baritone into a <unk> , “ you ’ ve not then forgotten me ? ” return to the service , mouston , ” replied porthos , still trying to restore his mustache to the military curl it had long lost . s true ; but alone as you are , you	62.96680450439453
have done much already , and will do still more , i don ’ t doubt . , ” said the king , falling upon his knees . him . on the honor of a soldier , on the faith of a christian . ” her embarkation for the twenty-third , and it was now the morning of the <unk> . want nothing ; do not call him . ” my lawful wife before my lips even shall have approached your forehead . ” door . wish to go ? ” asked he . d ’ artagnan , “ would have given me five hundred pistoles in advance . ” returned to her place with a smile of savage contempt upon her lips , and repeated , <unk>	30.184192657470703
, that terrible name of god , by whom she had just sworn without ever having learned to know him . , to attempt anything with him . way of speaking . the duchess , with a meaning look , “ you do not say too much against her . ” , called rocca priori , ” said the principal friar . horse . , carried a sword , and flourished a handkerchief in his hand . bastille appeared before you , and that the gigantic medusa had converted you into stone . for while replying the captain had raised three fingers . implicitly . without regularity , but always aimed with the same accuracy . , come in , ” called d ’ artagnan ; “ you	81.09554290771484
are here in my apartment , and we are all faithful servants of the king and cardinal . ” on the floor , where d ’ artagnan , after giving him just time enough to draw his breath , gagged him with his long scarf ; and the moment he had done so began to undress him with the promptitude and <unk> of a man who had learned his business on the field of battle . this proof of affection ; he not only extended his hand to the young man , but flew to him with open arms . i do , sir ; it is the <unk> <unk> of the ancients . shall have nothing to fear . ” woman was entirely unknown to her .	32.634185791015625
said he , “ a tall , dark man , of lofty carriage , who has the air of a great lord . , or you ’ re dead men . ” said caderousse sententiously , “ one can talk while eating . this horrible sight ; he felt that he had passed beyond the bounds of vengeance , and that he could no longer say , “ god is for and with me. ” with an expression of indescribable anguish he threw himself upon the body of the child , reopened its eyes , felt its pulse , and then rushed with him into valentine ’ s room , of which he double-locked the door . the president , “ your name and surname ? ” ,	50.078407287597656
on the ground floor , that d ’ artagnan and porthos were confined , suffering interminable hours of imprisonment in a manner suitable to each different temperament . amazement . alive he would tell you a certain story of the bastion saint gervais , which we four , with our four lackeys and twelve dead men , held out against a whole army . ” 3rd . ” made an error in his calculations if he now found cause to blame himself . at him , as he replied , “ what makes you suppose so ? ” expected had entered , he looked at the door , which his valet immediately closed . , decidedly . ” renée , “ this letter , which , after all	76.24333953857422
, is but an anonymous <unk> , is not even addressed to you , but to the king ’ s attorney . ” say in the opera of ‘ thisbe , ’ ‘ the whole world conspires to break our bonds . ’ ” my father . sacrifice that you make , gentlemen , i <unk> to reward you , i believe that word would offend <unk> to love you as a sister , to prefer you , next to my husband and my children , to every one . stunted <unk> struggled hard for existence , but their withered dusty foliage abundantly proved how unequal was the conflict . , <unk> purveyor of the musketeers . ” englishman chapter xxxi . it is true you called her	104.41268920898438
thus . ” with me ; we conceal ourselves , and wait together . ” he was deceived , and it was but one of those dreams that <unk> death ! he breakfasted with <unk> , he made his first appearance in the world on that occasion . ” , his eyes fixed on the gloomy aperture that was open at his feet . ” of a struggle , but of a failure . of fact , without a single romance . my poor mother ! ” said albert , gazing through his tears at his mother ’ s portrait ; “ if you know this , how much must you suffer ! ” the king , “ but i do not wish to be touched by any	38.55874252319336
of those men . ” , i am going at once to ask franz to lend me the small sum i shall require to supply my present wants . ” he heard a tremendous noise and found a dense crowd near the house . ’ ve ever been so happy as at this moment . ” you must go to blois and you must make your excuses and mine to madame de saint-remy . ” <unk> has suffered everything . am a man , and have suffered like yourself , and also contemplated suicide ; indeed , often since misfortune has left me i have longed for the delights of an eternal sleep . ” . so very great . ” albert ’ s safety , then ,	59.90135192871094
will arise from your emotion . ” as an officer , and he looked very well in that costume , which , as we have already said , he wore elegantly ; only he was very pale and trembled slightly . fear , flew towards the house . the upper portion of his body through . of the host . at my service ? ” asked mazarin . fellow . ” spoken of a marriage between myself and <unk> . and dress yourself . ’ ! d ’ artagnan , “ if i recollect well what you said , it was nothing out of the common way . ” ” ” replied the other , drawing his sword and resting the point on his boot . fact that	41.89079666137695
a very unfavorable construction would have been put upon the circumstance if the two women had gone without escort , while the addition of a third , in the person of her mother ’ s admitted lover , enabled mademoiselle danglars to defy malice and <unk> . that last case of yours was , my dear villefort ! ” remarked a third ; “ i mean the trial of the man for murdering his father . safe and sound , continued his way toward the camp . it will be a <unk> action on your part , and i will thank you for it ! ” can . ” charge me to purchase this house . rome ? ” ” said the cardinal ; “ and you ,	63.42961883544922
monsieur porthos ? ” monte cristo was looking at the <unk> . have three sons ; i should make the first a nobleman , like athos ; the second a good soldier , like porthos ; the third an excellent abbé , like aramis . him , for it will be necessary he should know you , as he is to pay your money . ” he thinks ? ” had been five or six degrees below freezing and the steps were covered with ice . , that young man whom my friend the count of monte cristo has received into his house , and who is going to marry mademoiselle danglars ? ” in my affairs , i think it is now my turn to ask you	48.58659744262695
some questions . ” count , i found you this morning engaged in an occupation but little consistent with the notions you profess to entertain . ” , is in the chateau ? ” ? , ” cried raoul , “ whilst you , sir , you had the kindness to attend to all these details . murmured d ’ artagnan . exchanged numerous caresses , <unk> each other upon the fortunate chance which had freed france from the inveterate enemy who set all europe against her . the fire of those scorching eyes . and implacable hand seized her by the hair , and dragged her away as irrevocably as fatality drags humanity . the youth as if he had been his own son . ” said	84.95948028564453
porthos . the countess ; she took it , or rather just touched it with her little hand , and they together descended the steps , lined with rhododendrons and camellias . ” said the curate , mechanically . ; oh , yes , i shall certainly die of it ! ” ” said the host , “ he fainted quite away . ” ? ” buckingham , “ god be praised ! is at m. de villefort ’ s ; but let ’ s get back to the subject . ” again ? ” asked the countess . was very easy ; for milady , doubtless to conceal her blushes from her lover , had ordered kitty to extinguish all the lights in the apartment , and	42.00583267211914
even in the little chamber itself . man with the black doublet and the short hair , who was with me just now , is still in the palace . ” , and by a desperate effort severed the cord that bound his legs , at the moment when it seemed as if he were actually strangled . 100,000 francs . ” he said , “ i am not a lawyer , i am a mere soldier , and probably , therefore , i do not quite comprehend the value of certain words ; i ought to have said the wishes , and not the will , of the people . struck me , always struck me ! arrived , valentine , ” said m. de villefort .	42.18728256225586
de monte cristo is as good as money ; take it to rothschild ’ s or lafitte ’ s , and they will take it off your hands at once . ” corridor as before , crossed one court , then a second side of a building ; at length , at the gate of the entrance court he found a carriage surrounded by four guards on horseback . porthos , “ i have heard that he had adopted a young man who resembles him greatly . ” gentlemen , ” said he , “ for having complied with my request ; i feel extremely grateful for this mark of <unk> ” morrel had stepped back as morcerf approached , and remained at a short distance . renée	62.83540344238281
, for he fancied she was again about to plead for dantès . <unk> you not going to change your dress ? ” , also ? ” asked the prince . bewildered . ” said villefort , arresting maximilian by the arm , “ if my father , the inflexible man , makes this request , it is because he knows , be assured , that valentine will be terribly revenged . ” said d ’ artagnan , not in the slightest degree embarrassed in the role he was playing . faithful highlanders have fought for honor alone . ” your chief , cucumetto , whose dress i now wear ; and i set fire to the villa san-felice to procure a <unk> for my betrothed . ’	83.24568939208984
sitting-room upstairs , which was more library than parlor , and was furnished with theological books and <unk> , in which he delighted to bury himself for months at a time , according to his valet de chambre . passed five years in prison , had become old in the lapse of a few years ; the dark locks of this estimable friend of the defunct cardinal richelieu were now white ; the deep bronze of his complexion had been succeeded by a mortal pallor which betokened <unk> . i wholly comprehend your disappointment . ” cried milady . <unk> understand . ” ? ” t let us talk of that , m. morrel . ” , perhaps the sort of ascendancy which she had over other women	90.05946350097656
, gave her the name of “ la <unk> ” mademoiselle paulet took her accustomed seat , but before sitting down , she cast , in all her <unk> grandeur , a look around the room , and her eyes rested on raoul . have always loved you as my son ; porthos , we slept six years side by side ; aramis is your brother as well as mine , and aramis has once loved you , as i love you now and as i have ever loved you . , to fulfill your highness ’ s wishes on this occasion . ” , from twelve to fourteen years old , yellow in his hide , without a hair in his tail , but not without <unk>	75.4231948852539
on his legs , which , though going with his head lower than his knees , rendering a <unk> quite unnecessary , contrived nevertheless to perform his eight leagues a day . the felucca turned , two other heads peeping , those of aramis and grimaud . feeble than usual . madame : that you should appear to have reflected , and publicly acknowledge an error , which constitutes the extra strength of a strong government ; release broussel from prison and give him back to the people . ” of the guards have been in the trenches tonight , and that you did not get much the best of the rochellais . ” the priest ’ s , where they devoured as much provision as would have	111.23712921142578
lasted him for two months , and to the cornet ’ s , who performed wonders ; but as planchet said , “ people do not eat at once for all time , even when they eat a good deal . ” the court , the duke and the young woman followed the wall for the space of about twenty-five steps . ” said mazarin , “ that you had seen the queen . ” m. de saint-méran , like his own , could be <unk> increased , and the marriage be still more suitable . that when i came in , although i had the key of your apartment in my pocket , and that key had never quit me , i found a letter on the	50.04720687866211
green table cover in your bedroom . ” . mercédès , “ i will lead the way . ” of that in what you have just related to me . ” man of iron , who seemed to be made of nerve and muscle only , had struck him with admiration . a tall man , of a dark complexion , who saw with dilating eyes that they were approaching a dark mass of land in the shape of a <unk> , which rose from the midst of the waves like the hat of a catalan . and then moans , which someone appeared to be endeavoring to stifle . had been answered by a similar signal which had fixed the irresolution of the nocturnal <unk> , or	46.84272766113281
whether without this aid she saw that she had arrived at the end of her journey , she resolutely drew near to aramis ’ s shutter , and tapped , at three equal intervals , with her bent finger . his château , and made her the first lady in the province ; and in justice it must be allowed that she supported her rank becomingly . ” make use of any valuable piece of paper , i hesitated for a moment , then recollected that i had seen in the famous breviary , which was on the table beside me , an old paper quite yellow with age , and which had served as a <unk> for centuries , kept there by the request of the heirs	102.10520935058594
. perhaps think that i am in a great hurry to leave you when i have only just arrived , but—— ” you find insufficient ? god snatched it from you , and brought you to justice . ” compromise matters , and give up a portion of your fortune to her son ? ” switch with a nail at the end of it , with which he urged on his slow team , was walking with the cart . to have the honor of writing to you myself , by reason of a wound i have received in my right hand , i have commanded my son , the count de guiche , who , with his father , is equally your humble servant , to write	57.133853912353516
to tell you that we have just gained the battle of lens , and that this victory can not fail to give great power to cardinal mazarin and to the queen over the affairs of europe . his captivity had taken away nothing of his power , and that he was still master of that element on whose bosom he had so often sported as a boy . have said , hastened back to madame de saint-méran ’ s in the place du grand cours , and on entering the house found that the guests whom he had left at table were taking coffee in the salon . ? ” the doctor ; “ i know the full importance of the statement i have just made , and	53.684879302978516
the disposition of the man to whom i have made it . ” wicket of the louvre , on the side of the rue de l ’ echelle , and ask for germain . ” in a humor for it ; and i would hold out before an army if we had taken the precaution to bring a dozen more bottles of wine . ” trembling seized them when called upon for some unexpected service . ” said he ; “ do you know this house , monsieur ? ” the orangery , of course , in front of the pavilion where the guard is . but tell the duke himself , who can not find anything , what the report <unk> him the particulars of what the	40.714012145996094
usurper is doing in his islet . ” that , ” replied château-renaud ; “ he is one of the most extraordinary men i ever saw in my life . the only ones to obey this command and the king ’ s example . that he offered to them , but of such a kind as the arabian fairies might be supposed to prepare . louvre had so large a court ; but this crowd represented chiefly the second class of nobility , while the prince de conti , the duc de beaufort and the coadjutor assembled around them the first nobility of france . was a clerk , morcerf was a mere fisherman . ” , as if by magic , in proportion as the fire ascended	58.66213607788086
, i saw yellowish characters appear on the paper . with full success have been long meditated upon , and carefully arranged ; such , for instance , as the escape of the duc de beaufort from the château de vincennes , that of the abbé <unk> from for l ’ evêque ; of <unk> from the bastille . to the right of the carriage , the other to the left . fear , vasiliki ? ’ said selim , in a voice at once so gentle and yet so proud . and followed his guards silently , while m. bonacieux uttered lamentations enough to break the heart of a tiger . <unk> a little also , monsieur bonacieux ? wish to be enlightened on the subject .	83.30322265625
” ’ épinay . peculiar about this chief , then ? ” he was leaving him , raised himself on his elbow , and with a dying voice cried with great effort : s hand , and drew near the count . said d ’ artagnan , pulling up his horse , which <unk> ; “ it seems their horses , too , are breaking down , as well as ours . ” he had grasped the hand of valentine , and unable to weep vented his agony in groans as he bit the sheets . head to foot in the garb of the count of san-felice ’ s daughter . that , madame , ” said felton . that you knew me not . name , for	40.458763122558594
i should be vain if i could suppose that after five years of absence you would remember my <unk> . ” d ’ artagnan , “ they have friends who ask it for them . ” ; i shall find a way . ” mademoiselle danglars . left <unk> is my custom in such circumstances . on ! ” said d ’ artagnan , who quickly understood whence such an exact description had come . wind , and unless it changes we shall be <unk> either to calais or boulogne . myself , for i suffered fourteen years , <unk> years i wept , i cursed ; now i tell you , mercédès , i must revenge myself . ” any want , thank god , my living	68.0376205444336
is suited to my means . has forbidden me so strictly to say so . ” hill the count dismounted and began to ascend by a little winding path , about eighteen inches wide ; when he reached the summit he found himself stopped by a hedge , upon which green fruit had succeeded to red and white flowers . , ” said the duke . i mean , ” said andrea , endeavoring to smile , quite overcome by the strange tranquillity of bertuccio . the point where , perhaps , he ought to have begun , and that was to knock at the door against which the stranger had leaned ; but this proved <unk> though he knocked ten or twelve times in succession , no	65.97190856933594
one answered , and some of the neighbors , who put their noses out of their windows or were brought to their doors by the noise , had assured him that that house , all the openings of which were tightly closed , had not been inhabited for six months . , ” said he ; “ they have with them two corsican bandits . ” my youth were botany and mineralogy , and <unk> , when i learned that the use of <unk> frequently explained the whole history of a people , and the entire life of individuals in the east , as flowers betoken and <unk> a love affair , i have regretted that i was not a man , that i might have been a	62.8011360168457
<unk> , a <unk> , or a cabanis . ” the letter before him , as i ordered you to do ? ” ” said porthos , “ it appears we are feasting ! ” madame la <unk> <unk> arrived . , ” said bertuccio , with his deep , hollow voice . you give me hundreds ! at last a baron , and d ’ artagnan a captain . no nonsense ! ” said he . caderousse was evidently a stranger to the south of france ; he was one of those merchants who come to sell jewellery at the beaucaire fair , and who during the month the fair lasts , and during which there is so great an <unk> of merchants and customers from all	57.13951873779297
parts of europe , often have <unk> to the amount of 100,000 to <unk> francs . by athos , and the lackey furnished by porthos . a prisoner has to pierce a wall , detach bars , cut through a <unk> undertakings which a patient and strong man may accomplish , but before which the feverish <unk> of a woman must give way . do you wish for ? ” to madame danglars ; then resting both hands upon his desk he said in a voice more hollow than usual : yesterday monsieur de wardes , in a saloon where i was , showed a ring which he said he had received from you . ” resumed d ’ artagnan ; “ here is monsieur de bragelonne ,	78.31970977783203
who determined at all risks to aid the arrest of broussel and whom i had great difficulty to prevent defending monsieur de comminges . ” he continued , “ give me the red silk purse that m. morrel left on old dantès ’ chimney-piece , and which you tell me is still in your hands . ” lead the conversation to a subject which might possibly clear up his doubts . said d ’ artagnan , planchet ’ s recital agreeing with his own observations . the question must be viewed differently ; in receiving and aiding him , france will <unk> the acts of the english nation , and thus so essentially harm england , and especially the <unk> of the government , that such a proceeding	115.45962524414062
will be equivalent to pronounced hostilities . ” symptoms of the disease to which madame de saint-méran has fallen a victim ? ” ! of his own cell and that of dantès , with the passage which united them . mystery . you haven ’ t served , ” said mousqueton . ” said the procureur . body of their companion , swimming in blood , and then recovering voice and legs together , ran screaming off . much less time than is occupied in the recital . you are playing with his eminence ; this letter is your game . ’ clock in the morning the regiment of the queen ’ s guards , commanded by guitant , under whom was his nephew comminges , marched publicly	99.53028106689453
, preceded by drums and trumpets , <unk> off from the palais royal as far as notre dame , a manoeuvre which the parisians witnessed tranquilly , delighted as they were with military music and brilliant uniforms . the water <unk> over his burning brow and over his body , agitated by feverish <unk> . madame , ” answered he , “ that my father was a girondin , but he was not among the number of those who voted for the king ’ s death ; he was an equal sufferer with yourself during the reign of terror , and had well-nigh lost his head on the same scaffold on which your father perished . ” is allowed to one of god ’ s creatures to be	85.04662322998047
on this earth ; but say out all you think , d ’ artagnan , for you have not yet done so . ” to yield . have something to say to you. ” and he went out . cried d ’ artagnan . your service , ” replied the count . ! into this to occupy me . this recital , delivered with the greatest simplicity , the duke looked from time to time at the young man with astonishment , as if he could not comprehend how so much prudence , courage , and devotedness could be allied with a countenance which indicated not more than twenty years . the river the three men perceived that they were followed , turned around , and looking insolently	37.428993225097656
at the frenchmen , passed some jests from one to another . courage ? ” said athos . he taken ten steps before he returned . his own handwriting . ” took a turn around his room . after this <unk> ’ <unk> , which took place on the very evening of the day in which the parisians had been beaten at charenton . third door that those who solicited or were bidden to an audience underwent their formal <unk> . , it is very necessary for me to make my fortune , your eminence has so long forgotten me . ” barrel , made at <unk> , and carrying a ball with the precision of an english rifle ; but one day the count broke the stock	72.48343658447266
, and had then cast the gun aside . you make us happy by giving us an excuse for expatiating on this subject . and what despair are , and i never make a jest of such feelings . immediately to the residence of the comte de rochefort , and tell him that the queen was seeking for a messenger to send to london . death , the blood rushed to his heart , and then again rising , dyed his cheeks with crimson ; his eyes swam like those of a man suddenly dazzled . this conviction , he pulled his cap down over his eyes , and endeavoring to copy some of the court airs he had picked up in gascony among young traveling nobles ,	86.34394836425781
he advanced with one hand on the hilt of his sword and the other resting on his hip . explanation , do you not ? ” sorrow , ” continued the young girl , as if this feeling was to receive its immediate punishment , “ is that the poor old lady , on her death-bed , requested that the marriage might take place as soon as possible ; she also , thinking to protect me , was acting against me . ” ” stammered the nurse . impossible that this should end as they have <unk> ! ” exclaimed athos , “ for heaven ’ s sake ! much , far too much , ” murmured villefort . ” said the stranger , becoming attentive , “	46.25007247924805
he put his hand upon his pocket while pronouncing the name of monsieur de tréville ? ” said comminges , “ make haste ; you must obey the king . ” instant to draw from his vest a charming little note with an aristocratic seal , and presented it to the duke without a word . letter be you bear to his eminence ? ” _me_ as little pleasure to revive it as it does you . . ’ tried for it . ” capital of a theatre on the boulevard , or a railroad from the jardin des plantes to la <unk> . ” agent , led on by an invisible and offended deity , who chose not to withhold the fatal blow that i was destined	67.7874984741211
to hurl . to accompany him ? ” peppino . scaffold ; oh , heavens , i forgot that it awaits me also ! ” said porthos , unwilling to be behind d ’ artagnan in generosity ; “ i would give as much as a hundred pistoles . ” his interrogatories of the bastille . a young man . ” he heard the footsteps of those who were pursuing him . room into which andrea had been led , he saw , while his eyes dilated with surprise , the dark and intelligent face of m. bertuccio , who was also gazing with sad astonishment upon the iron bars , the bolted doors , and the shadow which moved behind the other grating . damages - except	67.054443359375
for the “ right of replacement or refund ” described in paragraph 1.f.3 , the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , and any other party distributing a project gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement , disclaim all liability to you for damages , costs and expenses , including legal fees . and rochefort together , “ it is you ! ” attention ? ” , whence does he procure them ? ” should receive it before eleven o ’ clock . suffer himself to be easily <unk> from a place in which he has fixed his garrison . , who replied that nothing could be more easy than to prepare a supper when they had in their boat , bread	33.27180862426758
, wine , half a dozen partridges , and a good fire to roast them by . and tranquillize your mind . do not invite people of fashion . that in order that we may be as much together as possible , you ask her permission to share my repast . ” the young girl with the velvet eyes . preference for this gentleman . to what you are exposing yourself ? ” said the baroness . m. de tréville , “ that will be unjust to the guardsmen . gascon , ’ said i , ‘ only when i <unk> ’ the answer pleased him and he laughed . next morning she arose , and without ringing for her maid or giving the least sign of her	73.95231628417969
activity , she dressed herself in the same simple style as on the previous night ; then running downstairs , she left the hotel , walked to the rue de provence , called a cab , and drove to m. de villefort ’ s house . examining mme . to <unk> ? ” they never ceased speaking of athos and aramis . , to found an accusation on such bad <unk> ! we have received with the information all the requisite proofs , and we are quite sure m. de morcerf will not raise his voice against us ; besides , it is rendering a service to one ’ s country to denounce these wretched criminals who are unworthy of the honor bestowed on them . ” ,	64.41368865966797
but do not ask me to present him . mode of proceeding piqued the lady in the black hood , for she bit her lips till they bled , scratched the end of her nose , and could not sit still in her seat . ? ” demanded the count , “ are all the forms complied with ? ” afterwards the postilion , having been put in the right road , passed with a crack of his whip through the gateway of the barrière saint-martin . generosity , ” said athos . provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg™ ’ s goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for generations to come . , after all	75.85076141357422
, a good companion ; i will not detain you , and will try to cure myself of my ambition . ” man , who seemed to have fainted . who take them and not to those who only saw them taken . . been supplied solely for franz , for the unknown scarcely touched one or two dishes of the splendid banquet to which his guest did ample justice . , and a convulsive trembling shook all his limbs . ” said the cardinal . returned to town with emmanuel and maximilian . hand , monsieur . ” towards monte cristo , but , suddenly stopping , “ edmond , ” said she , “ there is a god above us , since you live and since	59.13280487060547
i have seen you again ; i trust to him from my heart . ! ” replied d ’ artagnan . so ? ? ” said the count . the queen , and to the cardinal ; moreover , i have answered for your devotion also . ” good-morning to you , monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” he said ; “ nevertheless , i have remarked you . the monk . waits , and in an hour i shall be far from you . on the vendomois road , d ’ artagnan , you so brave , and you , porthos , so valiant and so <unk> were beaten ; to-day aramis and i are beaten in our turn . such excessive joy that unless the joy	34.609046936035156
be allowed to overflow , it will stifle you . first consolation . come from <unk> or <unk> ” it ; how stupid ! ” for life contending with the resolution of despair ; then his dungeon seemed less sombre , his prospects less desperate . does he say ? ” asked the prince . may be the master ’ s intention . ” the hair , by that costume of extreme simplicity , by the brow polished like marble and as hard and impenetrable , she recognized one of those gloomy puritans she had so often met , not only in the court of king james , but in that of the king of france , where , in spite of the remembrance of the st. bartholomew	99.31793975830078
, they sometimes came to seek refuge . now , ” said the executioner ; “ you were one of the four grooms . ” up . ” . wish to live for myself , i have lived for him . fast animal , but he kept up an easy , steady pace ; in three hours and a half andrea had traversed the nine leagues which separated him from compiègne , and four o ’ clock struck as he reached the place where the coaches stop . accordance with the spanish character ; an assassination they will unhesitatingly commit , but an act of cowardice , never . ” the same look that , at rome , he had bent upon the execution of andrea , and	66.38288879394531
then , in a tone that made a shudder pass through the veins of the poor <unk> what a fearful extremity ! ” to monsieur the chevalier de coislin . ” than i promise , ” said dantès . ’ artagnan ’ s hand , and said to him : “ you are an honest youth ; but at the present moment i can only do for you that which i just now offered . seen him , but i don ’ t know what he calls himself . ” gigantic bandit , with large eyes , thick lips , and a flat nose ; his red hair fell in dishevelled masses like <unk> around his shoulders . _pharaon_ and patron of dantès . ” these houses with	42.319332122802734
her ? ” ” state of mind he listened to the murmurs from below , which even reached him in his seclusion , and to the guns , the firing of which resounded through that room . bonacieux , having always lived among her husband ’ s <unk> little capable of inspiring any sentiment whatever in a young woman whose heart was above her <unk> . guilty ; whatever crimes they may have committed , for me the guilty are sacred at the feet of god ! ” ” replied albert , “ but not to my taste , which i confess , <unk> to something softer , gentler , and more feminine . ” fortune , which has frowned on you , has been kind to me	88.5218276977539
? ” my lord ! ” said aramis . the best possible friends , and m. de morcerf even wished to take him to the chamber to hear the speakers . ” , the people who arrest and imprison you , ought , at least , to feed you . ” life as a smuggler , ’ said he to me one day , ‘ will be the ruin of you ; if you get out , don ’ t take it up again . ’ loyally , ” replied the cardinal , in the same tone . two parliaments ? ” a dining-room of moderate size , the windows of which opened on one side on a garden , on the other on a <unk> full of	47.47675323486328
magnificent flowers . the guards who took him to vincennes that he had often thought what he should do in case he were put into prison , and that he had found out forty ways of escaping . ” ” exclaimed a voice from behind the trees . obliged to own that andrea ought to have felt remorse , but that he did not . treasure amounts to—— ” d ’ artagnan , “ he ’ s just the man i count upon . i will go there also , for a few minutes , ” said the duchess ; “ do not quit his salon until you have seen me . ” about her , ” replied the countess , “ is , that she has been	52.256141662597656
at rome since the beginning of the season ; for i saw her where she now <unk> the very first night of the season , and since then she has never missed a performance . my name . ” who was passing through the streets which led from the louvre to the hôtel de ville , and which were all illuminated with colored lanterns . with the cross of saint louis , now rose and proposed the health of king louis xviii . easily arranged if the baroness and her daughter are willing . distrust , then ? ” said porthos . every description of garment , as if he wanted to fit up his wardrobe . officiating ministers from the most populous , and consequently the most	79.53156280517578
disturbed <unk> of paris had assembled there . if i am mistaken . ” at a gallop along the road to béthune . officer making his night rounds , ” said athos . , ’ said la carconte ; ‘ do you hear that ? said just now ? ’ he returned a sign in the negative . of ironical laughter resounded through the corridor . then he said aloud : of nordlingen , they had experienced nothing but reverses ; the parliament had a plea for calling mazarin to account for imaginary victories , always promised , ever deferred ; but this time there really had been fighting , a triumph and a complete one . mousqueton , “ parry kept it . mousetrap continued in operation	114.16313934326172
, and likewise d ’ artagnan ’ s vigilance . from this habit that on the said first monday of april , 1625 , the citizens , on hearing the clamor , and seeing neither the <unk> standard nor the livery of the duc de richelieu , rushed toward the <unk> of the jolly miller . you—— ” a vineyard behind the <unk> hill ; but in these days landed property had not much value , and the two palaces and the vineyard remained to the family since they were beneath the <unk> of the pope and his son . in leaving as in entering the house . that the prince had in reality quitted bethune and stationed himself between <unk> and la venthie . part well ;	131.7563934326172
he was aware that opportunity has a <unk> only for him who will take it and he was not a man to let it go by him without seizing it . the steward , “ here ! ” whilst the groom ran to a neighboring building . my prosperity i forgot those old friends , monsieur ; because i have acted like queen marie de medicis , who , returning from her first exile , treated with contempt all those who had suffered for her and , being proscribed a second time , died at cologne abandoned by every one , even by her own son . ” be too late ! ” open it . you . ” , a word , on your part , <unk>	77.00142669677734
an effort to escape , and you are to be fired upon . his protection ? ” what caused the count ’ s voice to <unk> so deeply , and what made his eye flash , which was in general so clear , lustrous , and <unk> when he pleased . : you know that i have had a quarrel with a certain gentleman , who has given me an appointment for this evening in the place royale . world , then , forever ; that is a settled <unk> resolution registered ! ” caderousse , “ why , what a lie he told ! , madame ; do me that honor , my queen , and i will find a messenger . ” ’ artagnan checked himself	59.687992095947266
. groslow , sighing ; “ there is something still more wearisome , and that is not to play at all . ” said morrel , “ allow me , sir , to tell you who i am , how much i love mademoiselle valentine , and what are my designs respecting her . ” a fresh meal was served . , and danglars was entirely vanquished ; with a trembling hand he took the two letters from the count , who held them carelessly between finger and thumb , and proceeded to scrutinize the signatures , with a minuteness that the count might have regarded as insulting , had it not suited his present purpose to mislead the banker . ” said buckingham , looking at felton	56.6850700378418
with astonishment , and dwelling upon each syllable of the three words as he pronounced them . said the duke . don ’ t you tell ? ” spoiled , dear friend ; you are <unk> , your arm has no longer that movement of which the late cardinal ’ s guards have so many proofs . ” , i repeat , for you seek to persuade me , and if you succeed i should lose my reason , for i should hope that i could again behold valentine . ” their ignorance was a sort of reflection upon them . of garret , situated in the rue des fossoyeurs , near the luxembourg . the anteroom , as if hesitating whether to turn to his own apartment	49.68829345703125
or into madame de saint-méran ’ s ; morrel concealed himself behind a door ; valentine remained motionless , grief seeming to deprive her of all fear . method of that period , in which he who could not live at the expense of the enemy must live at the expense of his compatriots . good fellow , use your daggers in any way you please , and i further promise you to be there as a spectator of your prowess . ” the door ; the baron had had a plank nailed over the grating . with the englishman ? ” slowly from the nag to his cavalier , as if he required some time to ascertain whether it could be to him that such strange reproaches	69.69670104980469
were addressed ; then , when he could not possibly entertain any doubt of the matter , his eyebrows slightly bent , and with an accent of irony and insolence impossible to be described , he replied to d ’ artagnan , “ i was not speaking to you , sir . ” of the apartment , he ran upstairs , expecting to find his father in his study , but he rapped there in vain . this , madame ! his own country , ” added debray . his eyes as though awaking from a dream . , anything of your <unk> have never seen your mother ? ” was in paris , you , of course , did not lose sight of him ? ” if	39.269309997558594
the marriage should take place and confirm my credit . ” one another in alarm . for by porthos and by d ’ artagnan at last arrived . to see all that , ” cried he ; “ how beautiful it must be ! ” ” and find if you can , any blemish in the language or <unk> ” the writing was , in reality , charming , and the orthography irreproachable . ! ” he said , raising his fine eyes to d ’ artagnan , moist with tears , “ the count has left paris without seeing me ? ” himself stared . thing . ” bit his lips as he spoke ; “ i know your devotion to her majesty . ” am not	44.03763961791992
jealous . ” your sleep ? ” abbé took the diamond from his pocket , and giving it to caderousse , said , “ here , my friend , take this diamond , it is yours . ” ” and stopped reading . <unk> , dresses , jewels , linen , money , all were arranged in the drawers , and the countess was carefully collecting the keys . , the whole <unk> would be on foot before he could even reach piombino ; if he land in tuscany , he will be in an <unk> territory ; if he land in france , it must be with a handful of men , and the result of that is easily foretold , execrated as he is by the	59.40071487426758
population . man ? ” , ” said planchet ; “ i thought he had seen me at work . ” . perfectly , ” said d ’ artagnan . her nerves gave way , and she sunk on the carpet . ; the young man ’ s words sounded to him like metal , and he thought he could hear the rushing of <unk> of louis . you have the pen of a secretary of state . his friends . ” is , between perfectly upright people . ” chapter 27 . words in a whisper , and morrel , rejoiced at this unexpected incident , went to fetch the count , who was walking in a retired path with emmanuel . ” said monte cristo ,	48.264041900634766
“ you should not talk thus ! it is a great happiness that the queen , who always wished you well , had a fancy to send you here , where there ’ s a promenade and a tennis court , good air , and a good table . ” . ” expressive language , have named it the “ lions ’ den , ” probably because the captives possess teeth which frequently gnaw the bars , and sometimes the keepers also . he exclaimed . he attempted to kill the turnkey , who took his food to him . ” , yes , ” answered the young lady , turning very red , “ i do remember conversing with a person wrapped in a long woollen mantle	95.32130432128906
; he was a medical man , i think . ” milady , “ do your wounds still make you suffer ? ” ” where she was going . herblay , —i learned from d ’ artagnan who has embraced me on the part of the comte de la fere and yourself , that you are setting out on a journey which may perhaps last two or three months ; as i know that you do not like to ask money of your friends i offer you some of my own accord . see athos . round a peace ; this peace will require a negotiator ; that negotiator will be me . andrea had placed him on a different footing , and he hoped this visit had	70.52495574951172
another cause than that he had at first supposed . fontaine . not let me out by the door ? ” s windows . ” will find terrible charges . ” , and it was fortunate i did so , for at that moment caderousse entered with a stranger . i am sure he hasn ’ t yet arrived . signor pastrini , ” said franz , addressing his landlord , “ since we are both ready , do you think we may proceed at once to visit the count of monte cristo ? ” monte cristo to morrel , who was at his house when the news arrived of the strange reverse of fortune of which danglars had been the victim , “ i have just made	53.80996322631836
a discovery for twenty-five thousand francs , for which i would have paid a hundred thousand . ” , and other things afterward . ” . pocket a small box covered with black shagreen , the abbé opened it , and displayed to the dazzled eyes of caderousse the sparkling jewel it contained , set in a ring of admirable workmanship . guard , then , with his chessboard ? ” fearful <unk> . do with him ? ” , for i see i shall not get to the chamber this morning , and i must make up for it . ” de putange ; i met monsieur <unk> in england ; i know monsieur de tréville . ” have pity upon me . said athos , “	45.11686325073242
it was hardly worth while to distribute ourselves for twenty fellows armed with <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> . , ” said grimaud . ? ” the house when you left ? ” said , “ i thought i saw winter move ; if he still lives , by all you hold most sacred , do not abandon him . ” cried edmond , blushing deeply . the fit that the unfortunate prisoner was unable to complete the sentence ; a violent convulsion shook his whole frame , his eyes started from their sockets , his mouth was drawn on one side , his cheeks became purple , he struggled , foamed , dashed himself about , and uttered the most dreadful cries , which , however	75.2229232788086
, dantès prevented from being heard by covering his head with the <unk> . pronounced by athos , each with a sadder intonation . ; he has faith in his friends ; he wishes also to have faith in his queen . said d ’ artagnan , “ i shall discover them ; as these secrets may have an influence over your life , these secrets must become mine . ” lady as your interpreter , m. noirtier ? ” of nature ? ” he said . the count , “ let us follow him . ” ! ” said athos ; “ and now take this . aramis . accomplished ? ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan , looking in astonishment at athos . was not easily <unk>	43.5061149597168
rather , thanks to a great pride natural to the men of his country , he did not allow one easily to see what was passing in his mind when that which was passing at all resembled <unk> placed himself haughtily in front of messieurs the guards , and waited with his hand on his hip , in an attitude by no means deficient in majesty . themselves ; you should give the father a hint , you are so intimate with the family . ” himself ; ” and m. dandré , announced by the <unk> , entered . that is all . ” , without being heard or seen , probably heard and saw all that passed in madame de morcerf ’ s apartments . monsieur	80.7744140625
porthos , ” said she , “ that my strongbox , the strongbox of a procurator ’ s wife though it may be , is better filled than those of your affected <unk> . ” of him ? ” tréville , generally held so sacred , became in an instant the <unk> of the antechamber . much the better , ” said caderousse . at the person of the young man and entered the cabinet of the cardinal , to whom he transmitted the messenger ’ s words . time in swearing , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ let us gallop , if our horses will consent . ” these simple words ; then he fixed his eyes on mercédès . to obtain permission to print	39.88446807861328
it , with the view of presenting ourselves someday with the pack of others at the doors of the académie des <unk> et belles <unk> , if we should not <unk> very probable thing , by the <unk> gaining admission to the académie <unk> with our own proper pack . cavalier shut up with her , ” said athos , “ but as notwithstanding the noise , this cavalier did not show himself , it is to be presumed that he is a coward . ” be recognized ; and your presence , you must be aware , would compromise the cardinal . ” villefort , was , that the bonapartists had not our sincerity , enthusiasm , or devotion . ” . ” shook the whole frame	89.31537628173828
of the count , and making a violent effort over himself , he said : “ i have a right to insist on your giving me an explanation . athos , to the man , in english . , but as he had foretold , that hit was a mortal one ; the sword pierced his heart . with his two friends . . d ’ artagnan . madman this morning ! , but before he could reach it the shadow had disappeared into an alley , into which grimaud deemed it scarcely prudent to pursue it . honor of a mazarin , as i am and ever shall be , i hope , ” said the cardinal . <unk> . ” was at last disturbed by the	44.36405944824219
slight rustling of silk , and d ’ artagnan started when he perceived the tapestry raised by a white hand , which , by its form , its color and its beauty he recognized as that royal hand which had one day been presented to him to kiss . see you , sir . ” in this house ; and we are even a little <unk> ” reappear , bringing with it all those <unk> remembrances , which are like perfumes more than thoughts . the captain ; “ it is a fire . ” your wife , i tell you , ” repeated d ’ artagnan ; “ only reflect how much the two descriptions resemble each other . ” father ! ” said andrea in a	59.850215911865234
loud voice , in order that the count might hear him in the next room , “ is it really you ? ” “ we shall hear nothing but the usual commonplace things . ” ” cried dantès , “ you have been rather a friend than a judge . ” he was delirious ; the next day he died . ” beauchamp , “ surely i am not deceived . ” the wind and rain , he fell into the deep , sweet sleep of utter <unk> . ” replied the captain . would only be a swiss the less in the world ; but you will not do so , i hope . concealment , did you call your horse vampa ? ” of continuing to	38.55126953125
interrogate him , made him a long speech upon the danger there is for an obscure citizen to meddle with public matters . sign from a confidential clerk at the first desk . , ” said he , “ you see how far my enemies go ; they menace you with two wars if you do not dismiss me . in need of all her strength . , and began to fancy that this recommendation concealed some mystery . , monsieur ? ” asked morrel . meet with any of those episodes with which your adventurous existence has so familiarized you ; our <unk> is <unk> , our <unk> is mount <unk> , our great desert is the plain of grenelle , where they are now boring an	99.74964904785156
<unk> well to water the caravans . thou do as thou didst to the first man ? ” said porthos . we , too , belong to a party ? the words of the will , which he knew by heart . franz up and dressed , while albert , who had not the same motives for early rising , was still soundly asleep . but that it may prove <unk> even to the end , let us not lose <unk> ” and he jumped off the wall . i see . uttered an exclamation , had not a look from monte cristo silenced him . in the collection are in the public domain in the united states . come in ! <unk> members designated there were only	66.78630065917969
<unk> present , for the rest , fearful of taking part in such an act , had remained away . , your esquire ’ s relative ? ” , how you have hurt me ! preceded by the magistrate , and followed by the soldiers . during the transit , but , arrived at its destination , it crouched behind the cushions , and stupefied at such unusual treatment remained silent and motionless . know them , you know that they are good and free companions . to assure herself of the reality of what she saw , then , uttering a faint cry , threw herself back in her seat . then , whenever you think it will be most useful , for my <unk> son ’	85.6633529663086
s welfare . , athos , for what you have done . venture to return the count the breakfast he had given them ; it would have been too absurd to offer him in exchange for his excellent table the very inferior one of signor pastrini . his hood , and disengaged his hands from the folds of the cloak . , but people wanted to sleep , and who would not give even two or three louis for a few hours of sound sleep ? and stopped in her flight ? are in a constant state of change . his heart swell in his breast ; a flame seemed to rush from his throat to his eyes , he bent his head and wept . , ”	63.65377426147461
murmured winter , “ and the next day henry iv . jew say he would give for the sapphire if he purchased it ? ” said athos . strength to reply to him with a burst of laughter . return ? —the emperor is no longer on the throne , then ? ” wish for ? ” said barrois . we are five of us good <unk> , able enough to turn it over again , or if not , to hold on by it . alone . ” it is true ; but he <unk> of it . ” said de winter , when the queen had dismissed her attendants . d ’ artagnan , “ she is charged with some message for me from her mistress	50.7442512512207
; she is about to appoint some rendezvous of which she had not courage to <unk> ” and he looked down at the pretty girl with the most triumphant air imaginable . fee of 20 % of the gross profits you derive from the use of project gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you already use to calculate your applicable taxes . being exempt from all this ! ” balm into your wounds , as he does into those of all who are in affliction ? ” said monte cristo inquiringly . ! say about it ? ” le comte . ” delivering some bandit or criminal from the bonds of the law . dangerous enemies , athos . for m. de villefort felt no effects . ,	90.78173828125
or rather join the king , wherever he may be , and tell his majesty that i humbly beg him to excuse me , but an affair of the greatest importance recalls me to london . with villars-cotterets , having gone thither with the court on several occasions ; for at that time villars-cotterets was a royal residence . to caderousse , who collected all his strength , signed it , and fell back on his bed , saying : somewhere . ” ? use of your shoulder , friend porthos , if this door proves to be locked . relate the fact , with the names of the victim and the murderer . . whilst he absorbed his favorite sweetmeat , but when he had finished ,	84.82864379882812
he inquired : forenoon monsieur de beaufort had a game of tennis with la ramee ; a sign from grimaud put him on the alert . crowded on the deck , friends taking a tender but sorrowful leave of each other , some weeping , others noisy in their grief , the whole forming a spectacle that might be exciting even to those who witnessed similar sights daily , but which had no power to disturb the current of thought that had taken possession of the mind of maximilian from the moment he had set foot on the broad pavement of the quay . said , “ the wood that i am <unk> is his ; i cut it in his <unk> and i am taking it to	118.65298461914062
the chateau . ” repeated porthos , quite dejected . , albert ! the soup which the jailer had brought , rose , staggered towards it , raised the vessel to his lips , and drank off the contents with a feeling of indescribable pleasure . will keep his word with me ? ” was his , and i have promised him that you shall live . ” ” count de rochefort and the mendicant of saint eustache . have left me all i had . ” my lord , never to part with it , ” replied athos . a bonapartist ? ” asked monte cristo ; “ i think i remember that you told me something of that kind . ” so just now ; the	37.2303581237793
idea came over my mind , and as mademoiselle entered the sight of her was an additional ray of light thrown on a confused remembrance ; excuse the remark . ” ? ” difficulty in recognizing the person who presented himself at the door for admittance . <unk> husband , my dear monsieur bonacieux , ” said the cardinal . to stop this torrent of <unk> . passion in his heart , as every fruit has its <unk> ; that of the telegraph man was <unk> . me . for the only thing for which i could be arrested is still unknown to your eminence . ” ’ s gracious manner . judgment ? ” lifted the corner of her <unk> shield with which she covered herself and	59.52640914916992
which rendered her so strong . report of a meeting of the bonapartist club in the rue saint-jacques , held february 5th , <unk> . ’ ” air of stupefaction , looked at the hostess , who turned pale . seemed to be in a swoon . which has made people hold their tongues , but has not made me their friend . word when a heavy blow shook the scaffold and where athos stood immovable a warm drop fell upon his brow . the morning ! i know . ” soldier of rocroy , my lord . ” poisoned , ... courageous and firm , shivered in spite of herself . said albert . sought to control himself . chair . punctilious in points of honor ;	81.13835906982422
and there were in the plan which our lover had devised for milady , he was sure , certain things that would not obtain the assent of this puritan . a dolorous situation which he had not foreseen . . any use of me , he would have taken me with him ; he leaves me in paris , as our separation will <unk> to his benefit ; <unk> he has gone , and i am free forever , ” added madame danglars , in the same supplicating tone . found louvieres and his bourgeois . boulogne ? ” demanded she of milady . him that he was a fool ; the <unk> went out to get stones to stone me with , but whilst they were away	82.46284484863281
i found means to conciliate the priests who were present , so that my foe was <unk> instead of me . your work by <unk> . person be who has taken it into his head to wrap himself up in a blue coat embroidered with green ? ” , you seem to throw a sort of magic influence over all in which you are concerned ; when i listen to you , existence no longer seems reality , but a waking dream . ” he said , when the door was closed behind him , “ how easily these husbands , whom we ridicule , gain an advantage over us . ” no doubt she was a victim of the cardinal ’ s vengeance ; and , as	76.30017852783203
was well known , the vengeance of his eminence was terrible . that the place you may select have a small harbor , creek , or bay , into which my corvette can enter and remain at anchor . , and drew over her chest , which appeared whiter than snow , the embroidered cambric , still moist with the cold dews of delirium , to which were now added those of terror . <unk> as a wife , an unnatural sister , homicide , poisoner , execrated by all who knew her , by every nation that had been visited by her , she died accursed by heaven and earth . ” your friends ? ” the doors , on the ceiling , were swords , daggers	121.64958190917969
, <unk> <unk> , maces , <unk> ; gilded , damasked , and inlaid suits of armor ; dried plants , <unk> , and stuffed birds , their <unk> wings <unk> in motionless flight , and their <unk> forever open . to walk in those woods . ” said bazin , clasping his hands <unk> . said monte cristo ; “ it is unnecessary , we know each other so well ! ” ’ s temper at the moment , to take him off towards marseilles by the porte <unk> , staggering as he went . ” said , “ proves me to be under the protection of some powerful person , —this sudden fortune , the facility with which i have overcome all obstacles , an unexpected	87.80220794677734
family and an illustrious name awarded to me , gold <unk> down upon me , and the most splendid alliances about to be entered into . to grimaud . that madame de villefort sent to request my presence , as she had a communication to make on which a part of my fortune depended . resounded on every side , and the drums were beaten in all directions . be interred in the cemetery of père-lachaise , where m. de villefort had long since had a tomb prepared for the reception of his family . heart of paris ; but a moment ago i heard the rumbling of the <unk> and the <unk> of the bells of the <unk> , and now i feel as if i were	64.53426361083984
suddenly transported to the east ; not such as i have seen it , but such as my dreams have painted it . madame danglars , dressed in black and concealed in a long veil , was ascending the stairs leading to debray ’ s apartments , notwithstanding the assurances of the concierge that the young man was not at home , debray was occupied in <unk> the insinuations of a friend , who tried to persuade him that after the terrible scene which had just taken place he ought , as a friend of the family , to marry mademoiselle danglars and her two millions . to arrest the count as a <unk> , on the pretext of his being too rich . ” entrance of the	51.92558670043945
king , fresh acclamations were heard ; these announced the arrival of the queen . to complete the seduction of felton . . ” maximilian , “ how could you say the _pharaon_ was lost ? mean to allude to the recollections perpetually revived by these three gentlemen . so , gentlemen ? hand , —i promise . ” said beauchamp . , we ’ ll do our <unk> ’ having said that , they went out of the stable . ” his dagger and stopped . his share of the diamond , seldom quit the parpaillot . ” asked the baroness . he asked . swore that we had done our duty in england . rose higher and seemed to drive before it the last rays of	68.0438232421875
the expiring day ; at last the reflection rested on the summit of the mountain , where it paused an instant , like the fiery crest of a volcano , then gloom gradually covered the summit as it had covered the base , and the island now only appeared to be a gray mountain that grew continually darker ; half an hour after , the night was quite dark . . ” . steps were heard in the passage . hammer and hatchet , clinking of pincers and <unk> of <unk> . of god led my steps to thee and that he also enables me to quit thee in triumph ; the secret cause of my presence within thy walls i have confided alone to him who only	143.51516723632812
has had the power to read my heart . long . , ” replied monte cristo ; “ i am quite sure , that , on the contrary , he will choose everything as i wish . athos , showing the servant raoul ’ s <unk> , “ tighten the <unk> of the sword , it falls too low . you not to hesitate in naming your wishes ; you will then be convinced that the resources of the house of danglars , however limited , are still equal to meeting the largest demands ; and were you even to require a million—— ” angelo fired three cannon to indicate that number three had won . declivity of twelve or fifteen feet . milady . the jury ,	74.40794372558594
who in turn looked at villefort . acquainted , <unk> at least , with the masters and the valets , let us pass on to the dwellings occupied by each of them . that well enough before speaking to me , ” said andrea , becoming more and more excited . event occurred , due , no doubt , to the imprudence of some servant who had neglected to extinguish the lights . subterranean workman , who continued to mine his way . lower ranks of society in france . ” murmured the major , trying to get the lachrymal <unk> in operation , so as to <unk> the corner of his eye with a false tear . d ’ artagnan , “ we must go where they	65.35836029052734
will not look for us . no remedies for negligence , strict liability , breach of warranty or breach of contract except those provided in paragraph 1.f.3 . you were wrong to reply to him as you did , ” continued aramis , following with his eyes the young man , now <unk> behind the <unk> . you , ” said the unhappy man . vallon two years ago , ” he said , “ and you find me still in affliction on that account . a native ? ’ tell me , did he put all these questions to you ? ” brother of coligny . ” time to learn to draw it only when it ought to be used . ” of <unk> and tartar emetic	69.73423767089844
. ” mask ? ” cried athos . hands and exclaim , “ oh , my friend , my friend , speak not thus ! ” and then resuming all his presence of mind , which had for a moment staggered under this blow , and his strength , which had failed at the words of the old man , he said , “ oh , i have saved you once , and i will save you a second time ! ” and raising the foot of the bed , he drew out the phial , still a third filled with the red liquor . the men of whom i speak were at that time my enemies ; because they fought against me ; because i did them	39.48224639892578
all the harm i could and they returned it to the best of their ability ; because one of them , with whom i had most to do , gave me a pretty <unk> , now about seven years ago , the third that i received from the same hand ; it closed an old account . ” more ! instructed , gave me masters , and when i was thirteen years of age he sold me to the sultan <unk> . ” might trace the blue veins from her temples , round her eyes and down her cheeks . begin my story , your excellency ? ” asked bertuccio . 48,000 livres ; he would then have about 5,050,000 francs left . of all this annoyance ?	85.40640258789062
” be ? ” said the queen , “ think that in such a case other <unk> should be raised to oppose it . blood , dripping from the mattresses upon which lay the wounded man , speechless ; the monk had disappeared . ’ time , ” said albert , “ you will be at my house ? ” placed in the <unk> of the boat , between the gendarmes , while the officer stationed himself at the bow ; a <unk> sent the boat <unk> , and four <unk> <unk> impelled it rapidly towards the <unk> . ? —where is haydée ? ” , the insolent dog ! went on , meantime , to paris . maximilian , “ an englishman , who represented himself as	54.65910339355469
the confidential clerk of the house of thomson & french , at rome . of you . ” ” and running into a court , he disappeared . say that i am certain m. de buckingham will be prevented from setting out by some great event . said the voice ; “ go away from here and leave the place to us . ” are you going , viscount ? ” inquired de guiche . the bolt grind in the lock and when he was satisfied that he was alone he slowly rose from his <unk> posture . and raising his hat , he advanced toward milady . you are aware from whom i come ? ” thanks to one of those <unk> to which he was accustomed	41.34883499145508
, he was able to provide for the wants of all for a fortnight . foes ? a few years previously , well acquainted with the interior of morrel ’ s warehouse , and had returned at this date , would have found a great change . , and when the carriages had drawn close together , said : better days . ” had not been laden , and i had been her master , he would have bought her . she added , “ count , will you oblige me with your arm ? ” , one of the few remaining <unk> of the days of henry iv . my lord , fast . ” will be proof enough that i authorize their journey . ” chair	60.764347076416016
, made two turns round the chamber , and pressed his trembling hand against his parched throat . ” said he , after having vainly searched on the mantle-piece and the <unk> , “ i have not got any candles . ” he obtain it ? ’ asked the jeweller ; ‘ had he it before he was imprisoned ? ’ see , madame , he recognizes you , and bows . ” alone . asked athos . for i see you once more , ” said the old man ; “ and now it ’ s all <unk> is all right again . ” of your <unk> ; and i foresee plainly that if we don ’ t kill each other , i shall hereafter have much	45.991546630859375
pleasure in your conversation . ourselves twice over , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ we have given ourselves to you ; command , we shall obey . ” ” and in this early <unk> the birds sang on the trees and the <unk> shone through the misty <unk> , like curtains of golden gauze . ! his supper , and the woman , who was ordinarily so <unk> and indifferent to all who approached her , was suddenly transformed into the most smiling and attentive hostess . , written upon strips of cloth . ” is about to die and i come to prepare him . ” <unk> two or three times reports were spread that the cardinal had nearly been assassinated . let a bit	68.1286849975586
of straw out of his hands under a louis the truss , and they intrusted to him straw to the amount of four hundred and thirty louis . never injured her . ” , ali , and baptistin will go . ” , and if i have not been allowed to possess it , you will . opened the portfolio , and counted the money . <unk> is nothing ; we are well mounted , are we not , porthos ? ” further reply ; her mind was utterly absorbed in the contemplation of the person who , from the first instant she saw him , had made so powerful an impression on her . him this voyage ? ” in which the greek girl sat appeared to	56.907257080078125
share the universal admiration that prevailed ; for he left his seat to stand up in front , so that , his countenance being fully revealed , franz had no difficulty in recognizing him as the mysterious inhabitant of monte cristo , and the very same person he had encountered the preceding evening in the ruins of the colosseum , and whose voice and figure had seemed so familiar to him . ” said albert , extending his hand ; “ i swear i will not . ” as he read . the count stopped the carriage , and requested permission to withdraw , leaving the vehicle at their disposal . and rushed toward her . have to know me yet . to change . ” out to	55.810401916503906
battle and they have been <unk> . ” albert ; “ but remember , signor pastrini , that both my friend and myself attach the greatest importance to having tomorrow the costumes we have asked for . ” husband ’ s substituted the other ; but the husband has been punished since , and i have obtained full satisfaction . ” <unk> ; and that is what is amusing you at this moment . of athos , d ’ artagnan chose a moment when the ship rolled backward , so that he had only to plunge into the water , which was already up to his waist . keep a servant ; i too could have a tilbury ; i too could dine where i like ; but	72.62303161621094
why do i not ? . nothing but a written document will be valid . ” this evening , and to pass the time away he has invited us to keep him company . ” matter ? our breakfast comes from my father ’ s kitchen . the queen believe ? ” , we yet can flee ; i have the key , but make haste ! ; it is a snare to prevent your making any resistance when they come to fetch you . ” ” said the curate , “ that i have recommended you to this gentleman , who is a powerful lord , and that i have made myself responsible for you . ” answered porthos , “ seem to me agitated . ”	50.5770263671875
liberty without riches if it had been offered to him ? sentiment which your eminence will appreciate , measures to be taken after the events . anyone ’ s interest ? ” ! ” exclaimed mazarin . words , pronounced with that boldness which women draw from their own <unk> weakness which removes them beyond the power of vengeance . has returned to paris , has she ? ” inquired the baroness . have named him , as m. <unk> says . have rarely seen such excess of <unk> . ” when you have received my instructions . ourselves into the wolf ’ s jaws , ” said aramis . required all his strength of mind to resist breaking his oath . doctor ! to d ’ artagnan	76.28675842285156
. , my dear monsieur mousqueton , but i pardon you , only let us remember that this gold must serve us as a joke , so be <unk> along . ” groslow , “ take this horse to the stables of the nearest inn . ” of our family are arranged , as we hope they will be , i believe she will run the risk of being damned , and will return to those she regrets , particularly as she knows they are always thinking of her . was going , invited him to <unk> invitation which the musketeer refused with a majestic air . that rang ? ” , sire ? large drops rolled down his face , and in his fingers he held the	62.904563903808594
fragments of a quill pen which he had torn to atoms . scarcely the question . race ? ” murmured he ; “ abandon my purpose at the moment of its accomplishment ? question to you . ” halted , the musketeers halted . too much to hope to succeed at your first attempt ? in token of assent . should be sulky with us for having captured the stuart , for whom , i hope , you ’ re preparing a pretty trial . ” , who commands your troops at charenton . time on a hard bed , so he won ’ t object to a soft one ; take every care of him , i beg of you. ” charles bowed and retired . ,	92.02018737792969
” replied bertuccio . with an emotion that must have been remarked by morrel had not his eyes been fixed on the vessel . asked valentine . you to push him on in that world where he is called on to occupy a place . ” ” asked beauchamp . , and thank you . ” by her manner , that her uneasiness was not feigned ; and franz himself could not resist a feeling of superstitious <unk> much the stronger in him , as it arose from a variety of <unk> recollections , while the terror of the countess sprang from an instinctive belief , originally created in her mind by the wild tales she had listened to till she believed them truths . doctor ? ”	66.01067352294922
exclaimed villefort ; “ where is he ? ” landed in the gulf of lyons , and this was a difficult thing to do because it was then the year 1829 . , then . ” against the bottom of the ladder . ” half an hour to pass away ; and as at that moment all was silence in the old castle , as nothing was heard but the eternal murmur of the <unk> immense breaking of the <unk> her pure , harmonious , and powerful voice , she began the first couplet of the <unk> then in great favor with the puritans : he bowed . of his happiness , destroyed , without apparent cause , by an unheard-of fatality ; he considered and <unk> this	74.9372329711914
idea , devoured it ( so to speak ) , as the implacable ugolino <unk> the skull of archbishop roger in the <unk> of dante . officer descended , approached the guardhouse , a dozen soldiers came out and formed themselves in order ; dantès saw the reflection of their muskets by the light of the lamps on the quay . ” said he , “ magnificent ! ” of departure ; it is a <unk> . , —i love her husband emmanuel ; but i require a strong mind to smile on my last moments . stupefied , without his doublet , and with his head bound up in a linen cloth , arose then , and urged by the host , began to descend the stairs	88.26139831542969
; but on arriving at the kitchen , the first thing he saw was his antagonist talking calmly at the step of a heavy carriage , drawn by two large norman horses . mine ; gad , he was not so proud then , —he was an <unk> to the good m. morrel . . to this point i know all , ” said the priest . the feet of dantès , or hell opened its yawning gulf before him , he could not have been more completely transfixed with horror than he was at the sound of these unexpected words . than any of us by your wisdom and your counsels , always followed by such happy results . ” the aid of powerful princes . ”	87.03559875488281
the time . , benedetto , will escape ! ” it possibly be , the ‘ illustrious coxcomb , mazarin de <unk> , ’ hey ? ” andrea , leaping with joy . more , ” said the voice ; “ only tell me how high up is your excavation ? ” ! ” cried he . ” said the young girl with hesitation , “ it is your opinion that i should obey this invitation ? ” . with his new dignities , went with a good appetite and his most ingratiating manner . he , “ i adjure you , as a christian and a soldier , to tell me where we are going . dear m. danglars , ” said monte cristo ; “ i	40.33244323730469
see i was deceived , and that you belong to the class of second-rate fortunes . ” dovecot chapter xliv . , ” said franz , “ that human justice is insufficient to console us ; she can give blood in return for blood , that is all ; but you must demand from her only what it is in her power to grant . ” what is there difficult to understand about that ? ” thanks , ” said the duke ; “ but your majesty may be assured that it is not <unk> do not speak of monsieur de <unk> your majesty sees at all hours of the day that are most devoted to you . ” but his voice failed him . albert ’ s	48.28602600097656
fiery nature , of which he had seen so much among the roman bandits , had suddenly stooped to this humiliation . on seeing you in company with these <unk> was afraid you were dangerously ill . ” d ’ artagnan , “ should this man attempt to fly or to call out , pass your sword through his body . ” murmured the young man , “ too late ! ” may face everything . not see or hear ; the jailer feared he was dangerously ill. edmond hoped he was dying . reverie : is this monsieur scarron , who thus puts all paris in commotion ? admitted was not to be found at the first door , and even the second was passed easily enough	90.07986450195312
; but at the third watched , besides the guard and the <unk> , the faithful bernouin , a cerberus whom no speech could soften , no wand , even of gold , could charm . extraordinary self-control there was a strange vibration in the gascon ’ s voice which made his partner start . see plainly that i love you . ” thing ; namely , to find a man who will not fight . ” ? ” he murmured , as he stepped into the oblong and <unk> vehicle which they call “ the <unk> basket . ” a load of money to hang , and what is the use of them , i should like to know ? ” expecting the postilion to come and	81.41515350341797
demand payment with the termination of his stage . over the entrance to edward ’ s room , and his eye reaching as far as madame de villefort ’ s apartment , he beheld her extended lifeless on the floor . artagnan , don ’ t let us play a <unk> game ; your hesitation , your <unk> , tells me at once on whose side you are ; for that party no one dares openly to recruit , and when people recruit for it , it is with <unk> eyes and humble voice . ” ? ” said monte cristo . . ” said monte cristo , “ no ; you judge yourself with too much severity . my lord ; but before an engagement <unk> we	66.4764633178711
shall move your eminence to another castle belonging to our friend du vallon , who has three . him , ” thought edmond , and taking the paper , of which half was wanting , —having been burnt , no doubt , by some accident , —he read : of the highest interest , and upon which our future fortune perhaps depends . ” sincerely i ask pardon for having grieved you . as the boy had no interest in deceiving , d ’ artagnan learned that he exercised , from six o ’ clock in the morning until nine , the office of chorister , and from nine o ’ clock till midnight that of a waiter in the tavern . caderousse , “ draw me all	86.63957214355469
that on the paper , my boy . ” albert , at first with a tremulous voice , but which gradually became firmer , “ i reproached you with exposing the conduct of m. de morcerf in epirus , for guilty as i knew he was , i thought you had no right to punish him ; but i have since learned that you had that right . abbé , that is all . ” for the next evening franz saw him enter triumphantly shaking a folded paper which he held by one corner . , have you not ? ” , and dantès heard his shoes striking on the pavement . into the past do your recollections extend ? ” reply , took up the chisel ,	85.55807495117188
bent it into the form of a <unk> , and then as readily straightened it . friend ? footman sprang off the box and opened the door . if you please . ” , ” said dantès ; “ but the corridor you speak of only bounds <unk> side of my cell ; there are three <unk> you know anything of their situation ? ” , again smiling with the disagreeable expression he had before assumed , “ you must pay for it—you understand ? ” the difficulties of the case ; it was the honor of m. de morcerf , and that of the whole house , he proposed to defend , by <unk> a debate on personal questions , which are always such painful themes of	70.68484497070312
discussion . asked anne of austria . not look so astonished , or you will make me think you are laughing at me in return for my good nature . ” me it was worth 50,000 francs , ’ muttered caderousse . said caderousse , drawing still nearer . passed her time in the chamber at the farther end of her apartments . meet you again , sir . ” less , decided upon setting out that same evening ; and in spite of the <unk> that had been offered to him , he persisted in having the review , hoping by setting it at defiance to conquer the disease which began to lay hold upon him . surname are the same . extricate yourself from your present	72.23990631103516
difficulties ; and when you are full of money again , you can redeem it , and take it back <unk> from its ancient stains , as it will have passed through the hands of <unk> . ” the smile which was so peculiar to him , and which in its numerous <unk> served to express every varied emotion of his mind . order not to show by his honest round face what was passing in his mind . the count deliberately ; “ go , dear friend , but promise me if you meet with any obstacle to remember that i have some power in this world , that i am happy to use that power in the behalf of those i love , and that i	61.91916275024414
love you , morrel . ” the count for the particular pleasure of his daughter carmela , whom he adored . repeated the president . the neck of his horse , in order that he might see without being seen . at the corner of the rue du <unk> , and if you are so long absent as to make me uneasy , i will hasten to rejoin you , and woe to him of whom you shall have cause to complain to me ! ” ! out a bundle of papers . just the man to understand the astute italian . with astonishment ; he spoke with so much simplicity that it was evident he spoke the truth , or that he was mad . ” returned	40.963661193847656
the inspector with a smile . , and really it is but fair that i should know what circumstance has occurred to deprive my son of your favor . ” dessert , or rather took the baskets from the hands of the statues and placed them on the table . unprotected by copyright law in the united states and you are located in the united states , we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying , distributing , performing , displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed . too plainly that it does exist . carriage stopped before the door , and the servant announced m. lucien debray . ” there is a	42.78120040893555
fight , he must flee . the little pavilion situated at the angle of the wall , of which all the windows were closed with shutters , except one on the first story . the same ; they are like old <unk> when they are not glittering in oriental splendor . ” ” asked d ’ artagnan , hesitatingly . in serving , which were unintelligible to porthos , had , on the contrary , a terrible meaning for the clerks . it is neither your majesty nor myself who can charge himself with such a mission . ” ” they both exclaimed at once . as follows : little of that foreign manner by which french persons recognize , at first sight , the italian or german	79.21009063720703
nobleman . wife to take leave . you sold and <unk> am he whose betrothed you <unk> am he upon whom you trampled that you might raise yourself to <unk> am he whose father you condemned to die of <unk> am he whom you also condemned to starvation , and who yet <unk> you , because he hopes to be <unk> am edmond dantès ! ” , ” was the count ’ s reply ; “ only impenetrable , that ’ s all . noisy hilarity which usually <unk> at such a time among people sufficiently free from the demands of social position not to feel the <unk> of etiquette . have recognized us ? ” said d ’ artagnan . , having no straw to lie upon	100.14239501953125
, had helped himself to that of the horses . ” said the young man . edmond , that is true , but you forgot at that time a little debt to our neighbor , caderousse . my eternal misfortune ! ” and milady twisted her arms as if in a paroxysm of grief . ” , ” replied raoul , blushing . will there be a pie ? ” the same , ” said he . lost ! ” cried the queen , in the <unk> of a broken heart . ” and honor by struggling with adversity , which he will convert into prosperity . what he called his history , but which consisted only of the account of a voyage to india , and two	49.0023078918457
or three voyages to the levant , until he arrived at the recital of his last <unk> , with the death of captain leclere , and the receipt of a packet to be delivered by himself to the grand marshal ; his interview with that personage , and his receiving , in place of the packet brought , a letter addressed to a monsieur <unk> arrival at marseilles , and interview with his <unk> affection for mercédès , and their <unk> <unk> arrest and <unk> examination , his temporary detention at the palais de justice , and his final imprisonment in the château d ’ if . must admire moriani ’ s style and execution . ” joyful mood . a bankrupt of trieste . ” winter ,	94.62335968017578
” he repeated , “ and that woman—— ” you . ” to the wounded man to announce that they were followed by the priest . friend so long and ardently desired , dantès almost carried him towards the window , in order to obtain a better view of his features by the aid of the imperfect light that struggled through the grating . third shot , ” said he to himself , “ i am a lost man . ” <unk> , —the names of the condemned persons , their crimes , and mode of punishment , all agreed with his previous information . a meeting six weeks ago in order to talk over and settle the affair ; but i had such a sudden attack of	63.84156799316406
<unk> ” , ” said buckingham ; “ but remain within sound of the bell . but will not prevent my walking . ” yes ! ” s first , and then to the colosseum , ” returned albert . dazzling sensation before the eyes ? ” athos , placing his hand on d ’ artagnan ’ s shoulder , “ monsieur is the chevalier d ’ artagnan of whom you have often heard me speak , raoul . ” ? ” ” muttered d ’ artagnan , leaning toward aramis and whispering in his ear , “ you have made us swear on the crucifix of a <unk> . ” project gutenberg literary archive foundation and how your efforts and donations can help , see sections 3	28.1182918548584
and 4 and the foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org . said to him , when he saw him idle and inactive : he is about in the cellar . chamber was a door concealed in the tapestry which the duke opened with a little gold key which he wore suspended from his neck by a chain of the same metal . years of discretion and become my own master , i have been constantly seeking him , but all in vain . what do you require of me , and what document is it that you wish to be drawn up ? ” ? it was necessary we should hear ; besides , i don ’ t prevent you from listening , but i must be gone .	60.57991409301758
” walls of paris , and to leave paris is like losing her a second time . ” passed the night writing letters , <unk> despatches . business with the procureur . ” gun ; this was what vampa longed for . , in the future . ” . ” large armchair , which served him for a bed , enjoying a calm , nay , almost a smiling sleep . ; the banker accompanied him to the door . , for should your eminence be mistaken , there might ensue most grave results for all of us . ” longer counted the sighs . headache , ” said albert . add to the daily misery which this prosperous canal inflicted on the unfortunate innkeeper , whose utter	110.39452362060547
ruin it was fast accomplishing , it was situated between the rhône from which it had its source and the <unk> it had <unk> , not a hundred steps from the inn , of which we have given a brief but faithful description . answer for it , will be but little pleased at being exposed to rigorous treatment on account of police affairs . ” , ” cried debray . do that , excellency ; i have always served you faithfully , ” cried bertuccio , in despair . me . ” , ” said la ramee , falling into the trap , “ what is there to prevent your trying them ? were <unk> in a pair of richly embroidered clocked stockings , evidently of english	72.6223373413086
manufacture , while from his three-cornered hat depended a long streaming knot of white and blue ribbons . . water from the jug , but i only drank that which i had saved in my glass . come out of the wood , and entered the carriage . ! , then , you fool ? ” hand she muffled him up in a <unk> robe , a large hood , and a cloak . of that soft voice , in which sounded sometimes a sort of gentle <unk> , like the hissing of young <unk> . skin me , ” thought danglars ; but resolving to resist the extortion , he said , “ come , how much do i owe you for this fowl ? ” zenith	77.33081817626953
, and the spot chosen for the scene of the duel was exposed to its full ardor . himself that more than difficult task . have once devoted your life to your enterprises , you are no longer the equal of other men , or , rather , other men are no longer your equals , and <unk> has taken this resolution , feels his strength and resources doubled . ” ? ” said monte cristo , starting . priests . ” asked d ’ artagnan , “ can you tell me what has become of one of my friends , whom we were obliged to leave here about a dozen days ago ? ” reason of both , and i trust to your goodness to pardon me	48.484130859375
. , d ’ artagnan , and think otherwise . name ! ” repeated caderousse , becoming excited and eager . for a second invitation ; four strokes of the oar brought them to land ; gaetano sprang to shore , exchanged a few words with the sentinel , then his comrades disembarked , and lastly came franz . the president ordered them to read the act of accusation . he who spoke to me , sir , ” said dantès , with a smile . he in a low voice . that alarmed us , for <unk> were constantly <unk> along the banks of the rhône , but the care , according to the boy ’ s account , that they took to avoid being seen .	53.499290466308594
out of the two hundred francs i left you ? ” life for you , ” said caderousse ; “ a town house and a country house . ” lord , that normandy should be given to madame de longueville , with five hundred thousand francs and full absolution . i love you or love you not ; but what i know is that i will not be perjured . down the side of the ship , seized the cable , and drew it ; it came without the least resistance . , for if it is good , i will follow it ; you know my devotion to you . ” monte cristo , “ your words <unk> and <unk> my heart , the more so as	40.59149932861328
you have every reason to hate me . , ” said d ’ artagnan . my dear old friend , that when you were a musketeer you turned your thoughts incessantly to the church , and now that you are an abbé you are perpetually longing to be once more a musketeer . ” us all on account of this marriage , are you not ? ” it , ” replied andrea , in the tone in which he had heard <unk> or <unk> reply to <unk> at the théâtre <unk> . again , ” replied faria . any particulars ? ” with the quick glance peculiar to those who are about to die and have no time to lose . he , extending his hand to monte	36.172977447509766
cristo , “ i suppose you have come to sympathize with me , for indeed misfortune has taken possession of my house . of men , and henceforth make yourself less easily the instrument of their unjust vengeance . ” monsieur de beaufort ? ” of the alphabet until she came to <unk> at this letter the eloquent eye of noirtier gave her notice that she was to stop . and as many musketeers and ran to the carriage , from which he made the people inside dismount , and brought them to the vehicle which had upset . with him and the count of morcerf , so you see i have some high <unk> and were i to cultivate them a little , we might meet in	64.21808624267578
the same drawing-rooms . ” how the sight of him struck you , ” replied lord de winter . that table , and you may remain between it and me . ” longer , his temples throbbed violently , his eyes were growing dim ; he passed one leg over the wall , and in a moment leaped down on the other side . want this time ? ” demanded the king . the door close after him , returned to his bedroom , where with one hand he pulled off his light hair , his red whiskers , his false jaw , and his wound , to resume the black hair , dark complexion , and pearly teeth of the count of monte cristo . de comminges	57.01128005981445
, “ more especially if it could reveal how monsieur d ’ artagnan for this last week has been <unk> him . ” be at the head of the army on mazarin ’ s side . ” the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete , old , middle-aged and new computers . armchair , without the power of moving . the <unk> planchet . ” honor ? pay your court to her again , and if this time you succeed in pleasing her in your own name and with your own face , it will be much worse than before . ” certainly not ; a good man , a man holding religious office , as does the	58.40424346923828
abbé busoni , could not condescend to deceive or play off a joke ; but your excellency has not read all . ” will find on the table , at which we shall be then sitting , good pistols and a delicious draught ; but , on the other hand , you must promise me not to attempt your life before that time . ” was only in part mistaken ; he himself was not in question , but his horse was . for the end of the month these bills which have been assigned to us by the house of pascal , and the house of wild & <unk> of marseilles , amounting to nearly <unk> francs ; in all , 287,500 francs . ” way of	87.41633605957031
all gentlemen , and i know only one way , ” answered athos , haughtily . passing in the room which had been so carefully locked . still retained that vacancy of expression which prevented his son from obtaining any knowledge of the feelings which were passing in his mind ; he listened , nothing more . work , the sound of horses prancing in the yard , and the wheels of a carriage shaking his window , attracted his attention . groslow , and found him a more agreeable companion than he had at first believed him to be . have , and you shall judge for yourself ; but first listen to the history of this paper . ” , by jupiter ! reason to retreat	69.88133239746094
, to be alarmed , and to scream . of d ’ artagnan . in this accursed paris ? ” t know where he is . ” he asked . d ’ artagnan , a man sprung from the ancient nobility of france , bearing an honorable name , carrying a good sword , have helped to give up a king to <unk> , shopkeepers , and <unk> . well ? ” asked the count , with an affectionate benevolence , whose sincerity no one could for a moment doubt . but they pointed out the asylum , which was situated at the upper end of the rue d ’ enfer , and after having taken the precaution of cutting the linen in two pieces , so that	38.30714797973633
one of the two letters which marked it was on the piece wrapped around the child , while the other remained in my possession , i rang the bell , and fled with all speed . pointed to their dusty and torn dresses , but the cardinal shook his head . , ” said athos . know , be a slave to his promise. ” and danglars sighed as m. cavalcanti had done half an hour before . forehead from his embrace , or withhold my hand from his ? . enter , as they might have left some turnkey to watch the dead . i dare say , in the <unk> , perhaps ? ” you to stake planchet , but as that has already been done	76.4229965209961
, the englishman would not , perhaps , be willing . ” much surprised that one flower of her crown of pride , with which she had so superbly decked herself , should be disputed . himself so powerfully that the tempestuous heaving of his breast <unk> , as turbulent and foaming waves yield to the sun ’ s genial influence when the cloud has passed . barthois ! education had been so little neglected , even with respect to <unk> studies , so rare at this time among gentlemen , that he smiled at the scraps of latin which aramis sported and which porthos pretended to understand . the purpose , —our business concerns valentine , let us leave the dead in peace . ” mistrust ,	162.3444366455078
the queen made madame de <unk> sleep in her chamber , and detained her all day . ” very safe during fair time . ’ man with light hair whose face expressed a hundred times more emotion than that which characterized the prisoner . i think i shall make up my mind to set out for béthune , where my sister has placed our little servant in the convent of the carmelites ; this poor child is quite resigned , as she knows she can not live elsewhere without the salvation of her soul being in danger . was shed over the bedclothes and curtains surrounding the young girl . said ; “ i don ’ t suppose there is a more contented man at this moment in	79.95408630371094
all the kingdom than yourself ! ” , wake the porter , and send him for a surgeon . ” and drew from it a paper ; it was the letter of aramis : with his intentions and will submit to them . , after having exchanged a hearty shake of the hand with him , <unk> the matter first . grace . ” , ” said danglars , glancing at the bandit ’ s dinner through the crevices of the door , — “ may i be hanged if i can understand how people can eat such <unk> ! ” and he withdrew to seat himself upon his goat-skin , which reminded him of the smell of the brandy . the divan ; chibouques with <unk> tubes	56.70183181762695
and amber <unk> were within reach , and all prepared so that there was no need to smoke the same pipe twice . aware that the second act of _parisina_ opens with the celebrated and effective duet in which <unk> , while sleeping , betrays to <unk> the secret of her love for <unk> . in the world , but you don ’ t look in the right direction for them , my lord . ” he put the <unk> in again . , and when i am thoroughly drunk my mania is to relate all the lugubrious stories which my foolish nurse <unk> into my brain . , the poor penitent was unable to shut the door so close as to prevent the passions he fled from	112.1438980102539
entering with him . ” shoulder . himself shall not save them , ” rejoined mordaunt . happy , which seemed to astonish the persons who surrounded her and who were accustomed to see her almost always sad and full of care . resumed he , after having <unk> his tongue against his palate , “ they are brave fellows ! of me that i died for the king ; so that i shall have performed my duty without the expense of an outfit . ” a submissive daughter , but as an adversary prepared for a discussion . ; it will be a wiser plan than the first which you proposed . ” my lord , and was jealous . this , mother ? ” them be	70.87242126464844
of any service to you ? ” edmond , with a smile which had in it traces of slight uneasiness . , ” continued the cardinal , perceiving d ’ artagnan ’ s composure , “ that , as i have told you , the welfare of the state is placed in your hands . ” came . ” the duke ’ s and escaped along with him . ” dear d ’ artagnan , answer for <unk> ” then ? ” said aramis . s arm , which he had held beneath his own , and teresa , accompanied by her elegant cavalier , took her appointed place with much agitation in the aristocratic quadrille . morcerf , “ this repugnance , if repugnance it may be	32.50464630126953
called , is not all on my side . ” that , flamarens ! ” said chatillon . so <unk> <unk> <unk> of ill , that you can not understand , valentine ? ” still the power of <unk> from your presence those whom you do not like ! ” its velvety <unk> ; her hands and arms were of surpassing beauty , all the poets of the time singing them as incomparable . , which he gave to this man ; then he bowed . proposed , maximilian , had you found me willing to accede ? ” my lord ! ” replied la ramee . said , turning to athos , “ was it not in compassion to my timidity that you told me that this	59.74451446533203
lady was the duchess de chevreuse , and is she not the queen ? ” not doubt the kind intention of the writer of this letter , you will find enclosed an order for <unk> francs , payable in florence , at signor <unk> ’ s ; also a letter of introduction to the count of monte cristo , on whom i give you a draft of 48,000 francs . albert , “ it is of your journal that i come to speak . ” head , allowed the torrent to flow on without replying , hoping that it would cease of itself ; but this was not what louis xiii . ” extreme , and large drops of perspiration rolled from his heated brow . him ,	47.59673309326172
of course . , ” replied monte cristo ; “ as that poor edmond will not have long to be loved by you . of a mazarin who had not much religion when his oaths were in question . through the body of the first and athos had knocked down the other with the butt end of his pistol . user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg™ works . without any fresh attempt on the part of my persecutor . man of vast stature and proportions . aramis , “ bazin is a well trained servant , and seeing that i was not alone he discreetly	59.58811950683594
retired . morcerf , “ this is the second time you have refused to dine with my mother ; it is evident that you wish to avoid her . ” reflection , the procureur was not a merciless man ; and it was not the magistrate , slave to his duties , but the friend , the loyal friend , who <unk> but firmly cut into the very <unk> of the corruption ; it was not the executioner , but the surgeon , who wished to withdraw the honor of danglars from <unk> association with the disgraced young man they had presented to the world as their son-in-law . say , ” replied bonacieux , “ is only that i may know whether i am <unk> you .	49.52937698364258
” of his dark , <unk> appearance singing with a voice like a woman ’ s . ” are you going to do at st. germain ? ” then demanded athos . . ” for him directly , dear grandpapa . you came . ” will be a difficult matter to arrange , besides , i shall just be in the way of all the preparations for departure . ” but continued to gaze around him . call my people . ” and to dust i return . because i committed the sacrilege of mounting en croupe behind henry iv . , she looked like an angel of mercy conjuring the angel of vengeance . . arrival in paris , he had been mixed up with public affairs	67.71680450439453
; but his own private affairs had made no great progress , either in love or fortune . is more pressing first , and then we will attend to my wound ; besides , it does not seem very dangerous . ” face , i wish to be remembered alone through the affection i hope you will grant me . why do you wish me to give up seeing such a man ? ” the door , flew down the back staircase , and almost knocked down madame de villefort , in his haste , who was herself going down to the kitchen . who changes them will follow friend caderousse , lay hands on him , and demand what farmers pay him their rent in gold .	96.85804748535156
! the trembling step and agitated countenance of franz when he quitted the chamber of m. noirtier , even she would have been constrained to pity him . as you do , athos . ” baths , and appeared to have come from the direction of the porte saint-martin , and to be going towards the madeleine . had darted in to his chamber , and opened the letter . us say no more about it . , ” he answered , trembling . , without understanding what you said . know her name—— ? ” . truth ; that is to say , that the fault lay with my people , and that i was ready to offer you my excuses . derive the title of count	40.01804733276367
? ” more than <unk> almost cried out . them . ready on the second floor at la réserve , with whose arbor the reader is already familiar . boards , sweep the floor , go out at the door , and run as i told you . ” home to any one , ” said the duchess de chevreuse to the footman . be pleased with me ? ” , a repugnance to your profession ? ” , and the chamber was left solitary , with its broken window , its open door , and its <unk> lamp burning sadly on the table . everyone he met with , went down to the ferry , came up again by the rue de seine , and the red	54.77043151855469
cross ; but nothing , absolutely nothing ! the cardinal armand duplessis with an insolent air which made the gray moustache of his eminence curl with <unk> . their oars , but the sea was too high to let them get much hold of it . of it . ” few steps farther . ” happiness . you ; do not let her flee from your embrace . ” said aramis . ? ” said milady , who had already overcome her agitation and recovered all her presence of mind . said to the postilion , “ eh , <unk> <unk> ? _ ” <unk> , bertuccio , ” said the count , “ and show me the apartments . ” perfect being , bid spirit triumph over	68.74879455566406
body . , ” replied the sentry , “ i do not know ; for the last hour i have not heard him stir . ” king may change his mind in an hour ; and at all events it is more difficult to replace a man in the fort l ’ evêque or the bastille who has got out , than to keep a prisoner there who is in . ” adored valentine , thank you ; that is enough . said with an effort , — “ today the man who holds the blade of justice must strike wherever there is guilt . ” , however , and these gentlemen , i am sure , will presently be of my opinion . ” it belongs to	57.8328857421875
you or another , you may perhaps stand in need of it . ” must be found . ” should hold responsible , and i will hold them responsible . ” s name ! ” cried comminges . my life , ” thought d ’ artagnan , “ in seeking for a man who is really contented with his lot . ” eight , ” then said aramis ; “ it is eight thousand that we want to complete our outfits , toward which , it is true , we have already the saddles . ” this all you have to say to me ? ” this menacing <unk> with a smile of disdain on her lips , but rage in her heart . on which the axe	37.48532485961914
was laid , he stopped , and turning with a smile , said : ” she said , “ the arch <unk> ! ” a registered trademark . a match in the tennis court , ” exclaimed la ramee . at any time , my lord ; if one has it not , one must do without it ; with it , matters go on much better and more rapidly . ” a magnificent ring on the stem of a bouquet , and threw it to the charming <unk> , who , in the third act , to do honor to the gift , reappeared with it on her finger . busoni remained alone with noirtier in the chamber of death , and that the old man and	50.70671081542969
the priest were the sole guardians of the young girl ’ s body . , ” said caderousse , “ are wills ever made without <unk> ? supper you can , and especially give us some good wine . ” , rue coq-héron , paris. ” _ had a thunderbolt fallen into the room , villefort could not have been more stupefied . mousqueton ; “ there ’ s not a day , sir , that we don ’ t expect to hear that you were made marshal either instead of monsieur de <unk> , or of monsieur de bassompierre . ” , then , be ready here at the hôtel , i will come and take you . ” everything , as a skillful <unk> does to	53.87065124511719
whom a new part has been assigned in a line to which he is not accustomed . . ” whom i speak is the lord and master of this grain of sand , of this atom ; he has purchased the title of count somewhere in tuscany . ” from being , or rather having been , so guilty toward you as he appears . ” majesty ’ s place , ” said gondy , coldly , “ i should not hesitate ; i should release broussel . ” master sleeping ? ” said one of the two cavaliers to a servant who was lying in the outer compartment , which served as a kind of ante-room . , ” said porthos , “ we have not been	47.75432205200195
<unk> . ” that exploit , my lord ? ” , proceeding to the <unk> fireplace , raised , by the help of his chisel , a long stone , which had doubtless been the hearth , beneath which was a cavity of considerable depth , serving as a safe <unk> of the articles mentioned to dantès . , the young man in a black coat , looking at murillo ’ s ‘ <unk> ’ ; now he is turning . ” rue du helder , where albert had invited the count of monte cristo , everything was being prepared on the morning of the 21st of may to do honor to the occasion . rome you spent fifty thousand piastres in furnishing your apartments , but i	63.560569763183594
presume that you are not disposed to spend a similar sum every day . ” ” said villefort . is all , i am hungry , too ; but it is not everything to be hungry , one must find something to eat , unless we <unk> on the grass , like our <unk> ” the inn ; you will meanwhile proceed on foot to the harbor . at the door , renewing his promise to be with him the next morning at seven o ’ clock , and to bring emmanuel . notary , as you absolutely wish for one , sir , ” said villefort ; “ but i shall explain to him your state of health , and make excuses for you , for the	44.32929611206055
scene can not fail of being a most ridiculous one . ” <unk> from fasting on the jours <unk> , on account of my health ; then i have engaged as my cook the cook who lived with <unk> know the man i mean ? —the friend of the cardinal , and the famous epicure whose grace after dinner used to be , ‘ good lord , do me the favor to cause me to <unk> what i have eaten . ’ ” cried . , which you can dispose of as you wish and return to me when opportunity occurs . clock in the morning and the pious sisters have just finished saying mass for the success of the armies of king charles i . <unk> bolted	93.95063018798828
. ” the queen quitted the convent to go to the palais royal , a young man dismounted at the gate of this royal abode and announced to the guards that he had something of importance to communicate to cardinal mazarin . meant , “ put in your head ! ” he was making rapid progress in italian . i have three or four more , so that you will not inconvenience me in any way . ’ s cough was heard on the stairs and the woman entered the room with a cup in her hand . a gun had been the young man ’ s greatest ambition . number of my friends . am hungry . sir , ” said the president , “ you have	33.80710983276367
insulted a man , and that man will not go one step farther without demanding honorable reparation . ” who killed him , ” said athos in a soft , low tone , “ ’ twas destiny . ” a host ! ” repeated milady , with an accent of indescribable grief , “ but they see not ; ears have they , but they hear not . ” failing , i admit ; but with that exception , i am a good <unk> . ” father is named m. de villefort , and i am ready to prove it . ” am named la bruyere , ” remarked d ’ artagnan . you know of him ? ” asked mazarin . , and remained gazing intently on	55.96827697753906
the scene before him without uttering a word . ’ artagnan should find alone the staircase and the little chamber . regard to porthos , i received a letter from him , too . last word with such a man . , i beg of you . ” else was to be expected of them ? ” asked comminges , who , putting together what mazarin had said of his prisoners and what the comte de la fere had said , began to feel a degree of uneasiness . , ” replied a gendarme . his lieutenant had just arrested some prince in disguise , bowed , and drawing his sword , signified that he was ready . all paris was in expectation . are a corsican ,	44.40119171142578
that you had been unable to resist the desire of making a ‘ stiff , ’ as you call it . ” events had taken place , athos not having reappeared , m. de tréville was informed by d ’ artagnan and porthos of the circumstance . hear her piano . ” better to transact business with his old acquaintance , so he sent for peppino . d ’ artagnan , “ i am going to call this soldier and talk to him . ” <unk> flask , monsieur mousqueton ? <unk> , and dantès was able to break it <unk> small morsels , it is true , but at the end of half an hour he had <unk> off a handful ; a <unk> might have calculated	53.33414840698242
that in two years , supposing that the rock was not encountered , a passage twenty feet long and two feet broad , might be formed . , most wretched , ” replied mercédès . monsieur bonacieux ? father ! ” cried the young man , “ why should you not live ? ” whom you ought to serve , abandon the exterior , the material appearance for the invisible principle , for the invisible principle is everything . cross himself when one of these beings happened to approach him . returned franz , “ you have guessed it . ” alone ? ” ’ s carriage passed several times the one in which was teresa . ” not ? ” excellency pays that little annuity . ”	61.34947967529297
have looked upon this resolution as a vague project , but today you see it was a reality , and you must submit to it under penalty of breaking your word . ” offered any sum , but have failed . ” , barrois ? ” asked he . friend ! ” just as long as friendship required , and then <unk> to franz that he would do him a great favor by allowing him to occupy the carriage alone the next day . for this scene by the state of his own feelings , which were mournful , and by the majesty of the cathedral which he had passed through , descended in a slow and solemn manner and stood with head uncovered before these mortal <unk>	78.32400512695312
of the last king , who was not to be placed by the side of his forefathers until his successor should take his place there ; and who appeared to abide on that spot , that he might thus address human pride , so sure to be exalted by the <unk> of a throne : “ dust of the earth ! ” she owed this information to the cardinal . no ! ” cried milady ; “ no , sir , do not call him , i conjure you . propose so doing , ” answered de bragelonne . soup , were about to lift the first glass of wine to their lips , when all at once the cannon sounded from fort louis and fort neuf .	65.13323974609375
we have said , athos had sworn not to stir a foot to equip <unk> out early in the morning , and returned late at night . very like a grimace , and then turned round to monte cristo , as if to ask him to extricate him from his embarrassment . the better . the wrong there ; for if you knew my name , perhaps you would not be so pressing . ” ” she suffers ? ” him renewed life and hope , in the assurance that you have the power of restoring the son whom he has vainly sought for fifteen years . ’ ” this precaution on the part of the bandit , went before teresa , and continued to advance with the	55.502864837646484
same firm and easy step as before . ancient rights . astonished at this reply . , “ poor haydée ! ” murmured he . of magnificent <unk> , with the same arms as the sword and the portrait , formed a middle ornament to the mantelpiece , and <unk> badly with the rest of the furniture . eaten and drunk respectfully the crown you gave me this morning , so that i have not a sou left in case i should be cold . ” me it was a boy , m. bertuccio . ” complain of , who has not some <unk> to be <unk> ? thought , milady ’ s wound was not dangerous . he , “ we have been here an hour ,	59.343326568603516
and our wager is won ; but we will be fair players . governor . to meet again . , be at rest as to that , but to kill you quietly in a snug , remote place , where you will not be able to boast of your death to anybody . ” liberty , <unk> give it you . ” , ” said planchet . , madame , but m. de villefort has so many important and urgent occupations . ” as on her knees at my feet , with her head thrown back , she begged for life . , then , my dear monsieur la <unk> ” ! ” he cried . ? ” said athos . . heard porthos speak of her ,	45.09095764160156
that ’ s all . ” for ; i will apprise my mother of my intention , and return to you . ” ” replied albert , “ that she was sixty-six years old . that great , that sublime king , henry , of whom you have just spoken , he would be much surprised at so little pity for his family being united to such a profound admiration of himself . ” related everything to <unk> , instead of going to london , he had <unk> the little vessel ; how he had returned ; how he had <unk> the wall by fastening cramps in the interstices of the stones , as he ascended , to give him <unk> ; and how , when he had	50.872413635253906
reached the bars , he fastened his ladder . , he had been taken in at once , and , as we have said , in a very bad state . would avoid my house ; dead , all marseilles will follow me in tears to my last home . the stranger , “ since you do not recognize a man who probably owes his life to you twice , i must name myself . here ? ” asked the count , seeing him covered with dust ; “ i did not send for you , i think ? ” he tore open the letter , in spite of the cry which kitty uttered on seeing what he was going to do , or rather , what he	46.57387161254883
was doing . took the book with the same appearance of repugnance which he had before manifested , and retired pensively . , that is another thing . ’ by their lackeys , were seen haunting the quays and guard rooms , picking up among their friends abroad all the dinners they could meet with ; for according to the advice of aramis , it was prudent to <unk> repasts right and left in prosperity , in order to reap a few in time of need . foreseen , at the expiration of a half hour , d ’ artagnan returned . something else , ” said he . that you ought not to fight , i only say that a duel is a serious thing , and	77.41645050048828
ought not to be undertaken without due reflection . ” nothing now is lacking except that you should feel remorse for having killed that fellow . ” eleven days of confinement at a crown a day , but he had reckoned without his guest . , and there is not the least question of love in this letter ; but , on the other hand , there is abundant question of you . ” ” she said . was to follow her . . ” said : the price of a slave , do you imagine that i have ceased to be your king ? where his own orders were locked up , and took out two ribbons of the order of the garter . , ” said	63.61763381958008
athos , “ for unless i am mistaken in my calculations we have only eight or ten leagues to go . ” sir ? ” replied athos , in his calm , <unk> voice . , ” replied the young man ; “ she will escape us , and it will be your fault , athos . ” ! ” , i had never heard of him before , and never but once afterwards , and that was from the abbé busoni himself , when i saw him in the prison at nîmes . ” ! i swear to you , as a grateful man should do . ” aramis , “ i must ask your pardon , but i know not how to hide my indignation at	33.59152603149414
seeing how a daughter of henry iv . you should recognize him , ” said the commissary . ” continued maximilian , “ i will seek m. franz d ’ <unk> am happy to be able to mention this in mademoiselle de villefort ’ s <unk> will conduct myself toward him so as to compel him to challenge me. ” noirtier ’ s look continued to interrogate . to your <unk> quickly . us play upon words , sir . leagues , serious , silent , and almost without speaking . ! ” interrupted the procureur , shrugging his shoulders . i do not know what has become of him ; so that i am really so unhappy that i weep . ” , good little creature !	41.59075164794922
” said milady . rue payenne , to exactly the same spot where , a year before , at the very same hour , he had paid me the compliment i have related to you . , ” said athos , rising ; “ i wish i could say as much ! ” ! ” said the cardinal , “ three men placed <unk> de <unk> in a cabaret <unk> ! getting off so easily . ” quickly men forget ! ” cried the procurator ’ s wife , raising her eyes toward heaven . s horse ; but he stopped short , and could not be made to move a step . must habituate the senses to a fresh impression , gentle or violent , sad or	42.06532287597656
joyous . reassured him ; he remembered that before they were buried their heads were generally cut off , and he felt that his head was still on his shoulders . the gate ; if by chance the musketeers should appear , the carriage was to set off as fast as possible , pass around the convent , and go and wait for milady at a little village which was situated at the other side of the wood . so ! ” replied athos . . ” his sufferings , with their train of gloomy spectres , fled from his cell when the angel of death seemed about to enter . ” said he , “ is what you sent me for . ” dame ! a piece	53.43277359008789
of evidence , and being in safety behind the angle of the trench , he began to interrogate the wounded man . athos . appeared in the doorway , almost as pale as those in the chamber . , ” said the mercer , “ hold ! the count ’ s courtesy , and ordered the horses to be harnessed , while they substituted evening dress for that which they had on , and which was somewhat the worse for the numerous <unk> they had sustained . athos ; “ we can not see your signs . are well known in the rue meslay . ” two , ” said aramis . and it takes a considerable effort , much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep	45.57999801635742
up with these requirements . travels ; and you , who have seen the whole world , will relate your <unk> shall tell us the history of the beautiful greek who was with you the other night at the opera , and whom you call your slave , and yet treat like a princess . ’ artagnan , a gascon gentleman , serving in the king ’ s musketeers . ” interrupted beauchamp ; “ are there any materials for an article in what you are going to tell us ? ” ” said m. morrel , “ i know there was no one in fault but destiny . suited to the requirements of a man desirous of burying treasure . <unk> from yours ? ” the great	53.52241897583008
d ’ <unk> m. de villefort , to come , but have not much hope of seeing him . ” , after the little that i have seen and heard , that i think even better of you than i have been told . ” , i know . ” you wish me to do for you ? ” said beauchamp mildly . to-day ? ” asked the king . and 200 more besides . i had been weeping ? ” said she . both fortune and <unk> . ” full , just as it was when she threw the contents into the ashes . in the most natural way possible , ” replied he to whom they had given the title of count . ” exclaimed he	37.93993377685547
, “ thank heaven i have arrived in time . little dinners , where one touches on one side the hand of a friend , and on the other the foot of a mistress . an awkward silence . , or where she comes from . do more than he has promised . ” guiche are like each other ’ s shadows . ” man . known , so that—— ” to be as m. noirtier had stated . means myself . ” saw a kind of greenish <unk> , something like preserved <unk> , but which was perfectly unknown to him . still beautiful . ” but as i maintain that the orders of the king , and more particularly the orders of the cardinal , should	58.72471618652344
be <unk> ” were heard in an <unk> hard by , and the branches of <unk> and rose <unk> formed an exquisite framework to the blue velvet curtains . pardoned he remained . the same evening , but nothing transpired of what had been decided on . ” said d ’ artagnan , with the most charming smile and putting his hand on the young man ’ s shoulder , “ if the illustrious general oliver cromwell has disposed of our prisoners in your favour , he has , of course , made that act of donation in writing . ” floor ; albert led his guest into the salon . ; the hand . promised not to wake . ” ? ” asked milady . , ”	53.549034118652344
said the sailor who had cried “ courage ! ” to dantès , “ if what he says is true , what <unk> his staying with us ? ” nothing by this journey because i see you . ” been warned of his visit , as he expressed no surprise at the sight of porthos , who advanced toward him with a sufficiently easy air , and saluted him courteously . breathless , he became unconscious of outward objects ; he seemed to be entering that vague delirium preceding death . . harbor ! ” the duke . they joined the escort . , mother , i have a strong intention of defending my person , and i never felt half so strong an inclination to live as	89.9632797241211
i do now . ” ” punishment your eminence may please to inflict upon me . prison of nantes . ” house , leaving your jewels and giving up your <unk> , and everyone ’ s mouth will be filled with praises of your disinterestedness . ” foreigner ? ’ said mazarin , “ that everybody kneels before him , although he be but coadjutor , whilst i , were i in his place , though i am cardinal , should be torn to pieces . this person whose presence they had entirely forgotten , and retired ; but , as she left the apartment , julie gave the stranger a supplicating glance , to which he replied by a smile that an indifferent spectator would have been	88.26235961914062
surprised to see on his stern features . rospoli palace ; but the count and the blue domino had also disappeared ; the two windows , hung with yellow damask , were still occupied by the persons whom the count had invited . ” over you , if knowing your secret i were to tell you mine ? ” made a special sign to him with his head . ? ” ” may be obtained by arresting the above-mentioned edmond dantès , who either carries the letter for paris about with him , or has it at his father ’ s abode . province—that land in which heads become so easily <unk> few of the preliminaries of duels ; but the daring of these four <unk> appeared to	79.1154556274414
him the strongest he had ever heard of even in gascony . said madame de villefort , giving her smelling-bottle to valentine . opened and in walked the coadjutor . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i admit even that in my darkest moments i find consolation in that remembrance . ” you are his nightmare . ” a great and grand one—the convent of jesuits ? ” will be great , no doubt , especially if the telegraph should not make any more mistakes . ” the king , “ give the word and let us start . ” monsieur . choice of your costumes to me , ” said the count to the two friends , “ i have had these brought , as they	49.51369857788086
will be the most worn this year ; and they are most suitable , on account of the <unk> ( sweetmeats ) , as they do not show the flour . ” , ” said albert , “ to hear such words proceed from the mouth of anyone but an actress on the stage , and one needs constantly to be saying to one ’ s self , ‘ this is no fiction , it is all reality , ’ in order to believe it . read <unk> lips <unk> ere you announce some terrible <unk> hands tremble . of money in return for his civility , dantès proceeded onwards ; but ere he had gone many steps he heard the man loudly calling him to stop .	122.12797546386719
drove to the parliament house , where , upon the throne , he hastily confirmed not only such edicts as he had already passed , but issued new ones , each one , according to cardinal de retz , more ruinous than the <unk> proceeding which drew forth a strong remonstrance from the chief president , <unk> president blancmesnil and councillor broussel raised their voices in indignation against fresh taxes . ” and sword you must play the same trick over again . is ! ” then putting his face to the lowered blinds , he said : from men who thus so bitterly injure each other . ” ” said madame de morcerf , in a tone of mild reproof , “ what are you saying ?	149.6016387939453
but once , and that was to the abbé busoni . my son , ” said mercédès . continued athos , shaking his head mournfully , “ upon my soul , you make me the most miserable of men ; you <unk> a heart not wholly dead to friendship . his sweet and expressive smiles . ” it must have been a mistake . ” who have a taste for chemistry , ” said monte cristo carelessly . ! ” m. de morcerf . ” grimaud , unconsciously . it is because he has a wife and family , and ambitious desires for himself and them . became weary of the king , granted this leave of absence with great pleasure to his royal lieutenant , who promised	51.11515808105469
to return about the <unk> of september . . , and strove to sleep ; but my head <unk> and i got up to have a ride for an hour . inhabitant of france , you are naturally subjected to the french law . ” not put you to any inconvenience . ” now become meagre ; once pale , he was now yellow ; his deep-set eyes were hollow , and the gold spectacles <unk> his eyes seemed to be an <unk> portion of his face . kill me ! ” a sleep . ” been there , i don ’ t say—— ” must have been cherished by each one of these two friends , for each of them almost immediately sat down by himself at	67.50959777832031
an end of the tent and began to write . , it changed no more . , ” said la ramee , with his rude laugh , “ you still set yourself against this poor fellow ? ” ; never <unk> people owe us no grudge . ” before the door opened , and the jailer saw the prisoner seated as usual on the side of his bed . , and drew near . give it , ” said the musketeer . house be sent to yanina ? in our power and braves us . served your illustrious father , and that he owes his fortune to him . ” that queer fellow will be a <unk> before i shall be a captain . ” his legs ,	44.10222625732422
would have declined all relationship with m. porthos . ” said he ; “ and do you believe that if i knew i would relate to you all its trials and all its adventures as would a dramatist or a <unk> writer ? he had amassed 250,000 francs ; six years sufficed to <unk> this object . at the same time , were an exception , and proved the determination of providence to effect the entire ruin of the roman empire , sullied by so many crimes . the grave-diggers , “ two ! , so little believed in paris , respecting roman bandits ; he remembered the adventures that albert de morcerf had related when it was intended that he should marry mademoiselle eugénie . singing boy	108.89248657226562
at notre dame ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . less pale than when d ’ artagnan left him after his first visit , and seated at a table on which , though he was alone , was spread enough for four persons . at rome ? ” a smile of visible satisfaction ; but this smile soon disappeared , and returning to the adventure of meung , “ tell me , ” continued he , “ had not this gentlemen a slight scar on his cheek ? ” than <unk> at the village of festubert , while drinking at an inn , he had learned without <unk> to ask a question that the evening before , at half-past eight , a wounded man who accompanied a lady	64.51481628417969
traveling in a post-chaise had been obliged to stop , unable to go further . affairs of ali pasha ? ” ” said monte cristo quietly , “ i see you wish to quarrel with me ; but i would give you one piece of advice , which you will do well to keep in mind . rose half out of the water , waving his cap , and uttering a loud shout peculiar to sailors . , then , but some angel that leaves us , and this angel is on the point of returning to heaven after having appeared on earth to do good . ” of which alone the use remained to him to the young man , who threw himself upon his neck and	56.67247772216797
wept . going to <unk> you understand ? chapter 10 . leave at the general hôtel , as at a <unk> , his own horse and that of his lackey . then , sir ? ” cried dantès joyfully . count ? ” your <unk> ” ” d ’ artagnan , who was in the trenches , was not able to accompany them , athos , porthos , and aramis , mounted on their battle steeds , enveloped in their war cloaks , with their hands upon their pistol <unk> , were returning from a drinking place called the red dovecot , which athos had discovered two days before upon the route to <unk> , following the road which led to the camp and quite on their guard	63.209903717041016
, as we have stated , for fear of an ambuscade , when , about a quarter of a league from the village of <unk> , they fancied they heard the sound of horses approaching them . me by someone of high rank , under the name of kitty . think they can be in need of any . comte de la fere . d ’ artagnan , “ that matters little . wished to be convinced , nothing more ; but now that we have come to so clear an understanding , and that all distrust and suspicion are laid at rest , we may as well fix a sum as the probable expenditure of the first year , suppose we say six millions to—— ” that	63.52702713012695
man has other projects . it answered better than count . time , monsieur , ” said the king , who , when his passions were raised to a certain point , could not dissemble ; “ i have learned some fine things concerning your musketeers . ” faria , seeing that the inspector was about to depart , “ it is not absolutely necessary for us to be alone ; the governor can be present . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , smiling . ? servant entered . men understand by instinct , but which reason is powerless to explain ; in such cases the greatest poet is he who gives utterance to the most natural and vehement outburst of sorrow . said athos ;	59.11797332763672
“ here ’ s a rendezvous much more serious than the other . ” his children , he had been by them laid by the side of his wife , who had preceded him in eternity by two years . more difficult . ” was heard that seemed to come from the river . anne of austria , when d ’ artagnan reappeared , “ what does it mean ? ” indictment , revised as we know , by the clever and implacable pen of villefort . try . ” thought athos . , mr. president , how entirely you have read my thoughts , ” said benedetto , in his softest voice and most polite manner . had been dark , and seemed a desert . to	47.272586822509766
paris , and franz d ’ épinay to pass a fortnight at venice . the reply , in a low voice . cellar ! possible , ” answered the comte de la fere . had arrived , summoned up all his courage , held his breath , and would have been happy if at the same time he could have repressed the throbbing of his veins . made expressly on the discovery , into the bay where they were thrown ; but of ten three only remained , the rest having been broken by the waves . little , and made him endure the siege with patience ; but it did not prevent his getting very tired , or from talking at every moment of returning to <unk>	62.13311767578125
that if the messengers and the spies had failed , his eminence , notwithstanding all his <unk> , would have found himself much embarrassed . circumstances , ” he replied . replied the king , continuing the <unk> in his horace . ” said monte cristo . ? ” will both charge together , force the enemy ’ s line and throw ourselves into the tyne , which we must cross , either by <unk> or swimming ; if , on the contrary , any repulse should take place , you and your men must fight to the last man , whilst we and the king proceed on our road . the unhappy fernand did that ? ” order and for the good of the state that the	81.05691528320312
bearer of this has done what he has done . for me wished to take me from my persecutors . flattered him , for certainly , as you say , he has no manner . the compliments that awaited her on her entrance , the duchess seemed to be looking for some one ; at last she found out raoul and her eyes sparkled ; she perceived athos and became thoughtful ; she saw aramis in the seclusion of the window and gave a start of surprise behind her fan . pale as death , were trying to give him succor ; but it was plain that all assistance was <unk> the features of the dying man were distorted with agony . upon a topic so pleasing to	75.02239990234375
morrel , that he was ready to accede to anything that valentine thought fit to propose , and he likewise felt that a piece of intelligence such as he just heard ought to be more than sufficient to content him for one day . had disturbed me during my year of constant agony came back with double force . never passing anything over that it was within his power to know , d ’ artagnan looked out of the window and perceived the close red coat and brown hair of raoul . monte cristo ; “ but , unfortunately , a recipe excellent for a man like myself would be very dangerous applied to an army , which might not awake when it was needed . ” he	105.7664566040039
dreaded the <unk> effect of all that he saw . dead or alive ? ’ ” replied mazarin . and fell asleep with a smile upon her lips . . was not the chance combination of those who had collected a number of the malcontents at the same spot , but a concerted organized attack . , ” said a soldier , less <unk> than his chief , and who had approached milady , “ this woman is not asleep . ” in haste a crust of bread and drank a glass of spanish wine ; then monte cristo slipped aside one of the movable panels , which enabled him to see into the adjoining room . auteuil , sir , ” said the procureur , making an	57.7331428527832
evident effort to appear calm . eyes , and stretched forth his hands towards the open door ; but the door closed . signal the _pharaon_ ! the day , all the preoccupation of mind which the events of the evening had brought on , disappeared as they do at the first approach of sleep , when we are still sufficiently conscious to be aware of the coming of slumber . , this response was but momentary . father is not a person whose orders may be <unk> with impunity ; protected as he is by his high position and firmly established reputation for talent and <unk> <unk> , no one could oppose him ; he is all-powerful even with the king ; he would crush you at	75.51438903808594
a word . man went out and descended the stairs with sufficient calmness to pass unobserved ; then upon the lowest landing place he passed tony , leaning over the balustrade , waiting only for a call from his master to mount to his room . that , ” said buckingham ; “ he has a prisoner . ” . turned in the direction of the château d ’ if ) uttered this prayer , he saw off the farther point of the island of pomègue a small vessel with <unk> sail <unk> the sea like a <unk> in search of prey ; and with his sailor ’ s eye he knew it to be a genoese tartan . asked mazarin , after a moment ’ s silence	62.98677444458008
. little and reflect . exclaimed , “ that woman became criminal only from associating with me ! his new antagonist by the wrist , when he started back , exclaiming , “ raoul ! ” ” ? ” the parpaillot , followed by d ’ artagnan . of that floor , as you have done of the ground floor , my boy . ” ” said the young woman , in a dying voice . an assumed name ? ” there i am ahead of you . ” cardinal mazarin , ” presenting a letter . year . that we will not accept such steeds as these in exchange for those which had been promised to us . ” on board a vessel at the moment he	49.536865234375
was leaving england , he suspected that it was , almost without a doubt , on account of the diamond studs . known in france ? whom i had the honor to receive under my poor roof . smile ? ” your house , sir , ” said the young man ; “ because then i knew not who you were . ” said d ’ artagnan , his eyes aflame , “ battle ! me , ” continued she , with a feeling of profound melancholy , “ my eyes no longer dazzle by their brilliancy , for the time has long fled since i used to smile on edmond dantès , who anxiously looked out for me from the window of yonder garret , then inhabited	61.71818542480469
by his old father . ” returned he , with a negligence evidently <unk> , for he could not imagine with what intention the question was put . everything is in the kitchen . this way . ” ’ artagnan had been consulting with himself whether he should place confidence in m. de tréville , or whether he should only ask him to give him _carte blanche_ for some secret affair . struck one . with that mandate , obtained the pasha ’ s ring , which gave you authority over selim , the <unk> ! oriental , a <unk> , maltese , indian , chinese ; your family name is monte cristo ; sinbad the sailor is your baptismal appellation , and yet the first day you	100.30196380615234
set foot in paris you instinctively display the greatest virtue , or rather the chief defect , of us eccentric parisians , —that is , you assume the vices you have not , and conceal the virtues you possess . ” was meant by the terrible word ‘ vendetta ’ ? ” ” capture , i accomplished the most astonishing deeds , and which , more than once , showed me that the too great care we take of our bodies is the only obstacle to the success of those projects which require rapid decision , and vigorous and determined execution . mazarin has been so kind as to think of me , ” he said . the rays of the setting sun , and the combat began	133.52536010742188
with an animosity very natural between men twice enemies . go back to the cardinal and ask him for a passport into all the convents one can find , even into the <unk> ? the handsomest in the <unk> chamber that i could have let ten times over . ” which the gendarme ’ s practiced eye had perceived , dantès sprang forward to precipitate himself into the sea ; but four vigorous arms seized him as his feet quitted the bottom of the boat . minutes near them and then mingled with the group round madame de chevreuse . should scarcely have gone to rueil without great caution . the latter with apparent coolness , but with deep emotion , “ have you another invalid ? ”	128.68959045410156
” replied porthos , “ i am falling asleep , which is strange , considering we have not had any fighting ; truly the parisians are idiots . ” who led the column , turned to the left . him approach , drew his sword a foot out of the scabbard . happy , yet the days these two <unk> passed together went quickly . certainly be at home , perhaps all three . ” be very clean in the crossroads . ” handsome saddles , ” said porthos , who at the moment wore on his cloak the lace of his own . d ’ artagnan , “ i believe we must . me a baron . ” that draws me naturally into the service of the	56.58755111694336
cardinal ; but i serve the one with joy and the other against my will . your disposal ; it is count de rochefort . ” of that , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , “ you are not sorry that you were useful to her ? ” a lost child found , but you would be looked upon as an upstart , who had sprung up like a <unk> in the night . but his desire to make julie decide immediately made him reply . doors again ? ” with monsieur aramis . really did turn pale , and was very nearly angry with this household plague , who answered to the name of edward ; but the count , on the contrary , smiled	65.67937469482422
, and appeared to look at the boy complacently , which caused the maternal heart to bound again with joy and enthusiasm . to do otherwise . ” , as we have already stated , the mysterious personage arrived . introduction , if i may judge from your pallor and shuddering , morrel . ” at the risk of being himself dashed to pieces ; he listened , he groped about , but he heard and saw nothing—the cries had ceased , and the tempest continued to rage . do you a favor ; i use either hand easily . , ” said he to planchet , when the latter added the portmanteau to the equipment . animal , ” said the duke ; “ but remember ,	83.746826171875
i only allow you half an hour . ” told you , he came to see dantès ’ father , and offered to receive him in his own house ; and the night or two before his death , as i have already said , he left his purse on the mantelpiece , with which they paid the old man ’ s debts , and buried him decently ; and so edmond ’ s father died , as he had lived , without doing harm to anyone . , think so ? ” inquired the marquise . village ; the woman had had a relay of horses , and continued her journey . ” said planchet , on perceiving d ’ artagnan , “ how glad i am	48.02896499633789
to see you . ” sound of your name he turned round quite hastily , and , like a poor silly thing , i was so persuaded that everyone must be as much affected as myself by the utterance of your name , that i was not surprised to see my father start , and almost tremble ; but i even thought ( though that surely must have been a mistake ) that m. danglars trembled too . ” thirty-six or thirty-seven years of age , hair , mustaches , and royal , all began to be gray . my own ears . ” at ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . leave without the promise of seeing valentine again the next night . ? ” asked the	65.09455108642578
queen . rendered him a service that can never be forgotten ? ” and quitted the room upon the plea of urgent business ; he soon , however , returned , his whole face beaming with delight . know where the duchesse de chevreuse and the duke of buckingham are now concealed ? ” light , they rise but to mislead . letter . economy i could manage it with two thousand livres . ” that they knew him . , ” said the mendicant , opening the door and bending low before the prelate . leave ? ” quickly . ” i am , without doubt ? ” ! ” assassin ? ” asked morrel . fellow , you must be mad ! ” then , in	49.366554260253906
a suppressed tone , as if speaking to himself , “ this is annoying , ” continued he . a young voice that made athos start . ? ” he said . day on which valentine had learned of the flight of eugénie and the arrest of benedetto , <unk> having retired as well as noirtier and d ’ avrigny , <unk> thoughts wandered in a confused maze , alternately <unk> her own situation and the events she had just heard . . in the <unk> struggling ? ” to this hallucination that d ’ artagnan traveled , at whatever pace his horse pleased , the six or eight leagues that separated chantilly from crèvecœur , without his being able to remember on his arrival in the village	88.51364135742188
any of the things he had passed or met with on the road . why did i survive you ? monsieur , ” said athos , putting himself on guard . , edmond , are you not ? ” asked the abbé . , the count of morcerf pointed to a chair , while he seated himself in another opposite the window . received all who came ; he had an excuse for not eating any more ; the doctor had put him on a diet . ” ? ” overtook us at cape morgiou , and we were wrecked on these rocks . ” syllable of your embarrassment to me , when he knows that , alone and isolated as i am , i seek every opportunity	65.3560562133789
of making the acquaintance of my neighbors . château-renaud , “ it seems quite miraculous to make a new house out of an old one ; for it was very old , and dull too . you had endeavored to escape ; that you had taken the place of another prisoner ; that you had slipped into the winding sheet of a dead body ; that you had been thrown alive from the top of the château d ’ if , and that the cry you uttered as you dashed upon the rocks first revealed to your jailers that they were your murderers . ” ” , very polite , modest , and agreeable , such as may be found constantly in italy , descendants of very ancient	87.15233612060547
families . a very mild disposition , and being , likewise , of which monseigneur perhaps is not aware , about to enter into orders , i endeavored to appease my comrades , when one of these wretches gave me a wound with a sword , <unk> , across my left arm . , madame , ” said he . , i demand it , ” said aramis . agony , and , quite out of his senses , rushed towards the door , exclaiming , “ help , help ! ” host and a fresh horse . fortune , without protection , without a future , unless the eye of my queen , which i have sought so long , rests on me for a moment .	56.50261688232422
” exclaimed madame de villefort , clasping her hands , “ what do you say ? ” that idea , ” replied the count of monte cristo , putting his foot on the <unk> steps of his splendid carriage , “ and that will be worth something to me among the ladies . ” ” and ordered all sail to be spread . conduct of a pupil of jesuits . ” mazarin . so , but that requires money , and i haven ’ t any . ” d ’ artagnan did not yet know milady . made you his heir , died in three hours of a strange disorder which left livid traces all over the body . consequences , with the help of his servants carried	47.46828842163086
the wounded man into the kitchen , where some trifling attentions were bestowed upon him . a moment , and was about to throw his glove at the count , when morrel seized his hand , while beauchamp and château-renaud , fearing the scene would surpass the limits of a challenge , held him back . desired that the letter should be given to him , madame , he would have demanded it of you himself . if they put me there , ” said d ’ artagnan . artagnan ’ s opinion ; we have no time to lose in regaining our camp . ” mother ; she it is whom you see here . fell from his shoulder almost to the ground . after your health	53.86408996582031
and to take your orders . ” about it , my dear monsieur de rochefort . ” is my friend , has just escaped from a serious danger , ” continued aramis , with <unk> , pointing to d ’ artagnan with his hand , and addressing the two ecclesiastics . the presence of their pupils they fear that some of their <unk> or <unk> may turn out badly cooked . ” then ? ” , and in the course of the month gained <unk> francs . settled , do let me see the performance , and tell your friend albert not to come any more this evening ; he will hurt himself with all his <unk> <unk> : let him go home and go to sleep .	47.42647933959961
” who made him traverse a court and enter a corridor in which were three sentinels , opened a door and pushed him unceremoniously into a low room , where the only furniture was a table , a chair , and a commissary . . caderousse ; “ but you were right to return as soon as possible , my boy . ” eyelids and the night was passed in feverish contemplation of the chain of circumstances tending to prove the identity of the mysterious <unk> to the colosseum with the inhabitant of the grotto of monte cristo ; and the more he thought , the firmer grew his opinion on the subject . , ” said mordaunt , “ his commands are not to be disputed .	63.967994689941406
to dessessart . ” replied the cardinal , quickly . ! a man start from the shadow when he was halfway <unk> vain did he see an arm raised as he touched the ground . the window , madame ; he is a young man that appears scarce sixteen years of age , and is called the viscount de bragelonne . ” sleep at noyon , ” said raoul . brain , so loaded with dreadful secrets ? fall at the bourse ? ” door opened , the scene changed . she shuts the door after him , ” he muttered . woman . ” my dear invalid ! carefully on every side , saw the young peasants , and galloping up , began to question them .	65.52375030517578
old , ” said haydée . , it is your turn to get out , ” said mme . is passed in attacks and <unk> . say . my dear porthos . ” faria , and have been imprisoned as you know in this château d ’ if since the year 1811 ; previously to which i had been confined for three years in the fortress of fenestrelle . and uttered a cry of terror on beholding a man before her . , ” said he , “ come , if you like , monsieur ; you have a claim , being almost one of the family , and i will give as many rendezvous of that kind as i can find persons willing to accept them .	48.875816345214844
” , he refuses to do so , it will then be quite time enough to admit two strangers into your secret . ” . last night beneath your majesty ’ s <unk> cry we heard was <unk> there is no executioner nearer at hand than bristol . ” , they are coming , ” said eugénie . ” said morrel ; “ my sister is five-and-twenty , my brother-in-law is thirty , they are gay , young , and happy . i see you know something already ; you will restore me to life . ” he said , “ after today , you will come and live with me ; you can occupy haydée ’ s apartment , and my daughter will at least be replaced	67.8414306640625
by my son . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ than the honor , perhaps the life of the queen . ” he , “ of my hundred names i need only tell you one , to overwhelm you ! 4th of september , m. morrel asked his daughter for the key of his study . mad abbé was kept , sir , and that is where the young man entered ; ” and the guide pointed to the opening , which had remained <unk> . took his book , closed it and went to lay it down on the table , near which he continued standing , in order that mazarin might be obliged to stand also . little difference to me , ”	48.9847297668457
said caderousse , “ if i were retaken , i am a poor creature to live alone , and sometimes pine for my old comrades ; not like you , heartless creature , who would be glad never to see them again . ” life , for you are the best , the noblest of created beings ! ” ? ” end of the yard , on the left , on the third story . ” with her is her daughter ? ” fellow , ” said the cardinal . had not eaten or drunk for four-and-twenty hours . me . ” done . ” the interests of the queen ; and if anything should happen , mme . the country in different directions , but in vain	47.246864318847656
; then , after a time , they disappeared . in england ? ” he asked ; but de winter seemed not to hear his words and made no reply . ” them kitty rushed toward it . been taxed at 4,000 crowns , and as he considered himself of much greater importance than morcerf he fixed his own price at 8,000 crowns . the news you bear is worth the trouble of a little diligence . ” ” albert , rising , “ i will do myself the honor of sending my seconds to you , and you will be kind enough to arrange with them the place of meeting and the weapons . ” two friends , who had nothing important to say to each other	48.56502151489258
, and follow aramis . ” exclaimed the queen , joyfully . buckingham chapter xiii . you , fabulous as it may seem , i tell it as a true one from beginning to end . “ the basket , ” because wedding gifts were originally brought in such a <unk> . both nations , and arrived at boulogne without accident . had sprung before him and barred his passage . , a livid flash darted from her eyes ; she ran to the table , emptied into mme . they wanted to revenge the past , and not to anticipate the future . it ; he is my only remaining friend and we both need his help , —come . ” replied the young girl . accounts	90.6385269165039
. hope he will do something for the sake of their honor , ” said the queen . lead the second . the parisians enter it ; they were coming to assign the <unk> place for the conference and to make their bow to the queen . looked at athos , had taken on an expression that can not be described . : love <unk> love as a man who would give his <unk> to spare her a <unk> love valentine de villefort , who is being murdered at this moment ! . this proposal by shrugging his shoulders . ? ” interrupted d ’ artagnan . , raoul ! be saddled , and himself went as guide to the young guardsman . like a child ; do	60.76930236816406
you not remember ? ” steward ; “ the house servants , with the carbines ! ” , at the present moment d ’ artagnan was ruled by a feeling much more noble and disinterested . confessor ? ” milady , “ a fair exchange . sure it is quite transformed since last week . ’ s corpse , coming every night in my dreams , rising from the earth , and hovering over the grave with menacing look and gesture . with which felton stabbed him . therefore , alone ; and as he declared he was too ignorant of the game to play it regularly they only continued giving balls to one another without counting . all events , for mousqueton looked upon himself as dead	113.88855743408203
. entered before them and waited for them . ” , ” replied rochefort . the cavalcade produced a good effect ; and if mme . now ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . danglars . ” so curious as that . ” which made him so formidable , he rushed toward the chief of the <unk> , a man who , with a huge sword in his hand , was trying to <unk> a passage to the coach door through the musketeers . , ’ you said , when you had more than you before possessed , and you committed a third crime , without reason , without excuse . the epistle , and to disperse all the suspicions that might have been created , read aloud	47.60106658935547
: scoundrel ! ” cried milady , seeing the interest which the young officer , whose soul seemed to hang on her lips , took in this strange recital . have lived during the last four nights , valentine , ” said the count . he cried as they descended . hospital , and learned that the same <unk> night of the 20th of <unk> child had been brought there , wrapped in part of a fine linen napkin , purposely torn in half . all , you must admit that this count of monte cristo is a most singular personage . ” ” cried rochefort . madame , of the allusion made by that insolent gentleman , whom you have caused to be arrested , to the	56.660369873046875
duke of <unk> him whom you allowed to be <unk> the duchess de chevreuse , whom you suffered to be <unk> the duc de beaufort , whom you imprisoned ; but if he made allusion to me it was because he is ignorant of the relation in which i stand to you . ” ” to bury a living child in a garden ? ” cried monte cristo . have adopted and who does not even know who was his father . ” help with all the power of his strong voice , aramis ran to the table to get a glass of water ; but he stopped at seeing the horrible alteration that had taken place in the countenance of athos , who , standing before the	46.594482421875
table , his hair rising from his head , his eyes fixed in stupor , was looking at one of the glasses , and appeared a prey to the most horrible doubt . said the delighted major . more in the emerald , which would contain about a dozen . to me so great an honor for a prisoner that i think monsieur de comminges must be mistaken . ” ” said madame danglars , “ i do not require you any longer . ” ” in the hat . ” of him the moment i saw his wound , and since he asked for a monk you know that it was his opinion , too , that death would follow . ” ? . ” ” the	40.03591537475586
abbé asked one day of dantès . , gave him an order in a low voice , and peppino went away , taking with him a torch , brought with them in the carriage . . more than once , but always in vain ; we examined the grotto all over , but we never could find the slightest trace of any opening ; they say that the door is not opened by a key , but a magic word . ” with m. baptistin , give me the refusal of him . ” not in your head , porthos , ” said his friend . , a coward ? ” cried villefort , in a contemptuous voice . ! _ ” said monte cristo , “ and	46.61311721801758
i have forgotten my smelling-bottle ! ” noisy than the door . ” i rode him nearly ten leagues in less than an hour and a half , and he appeared no more distressed than if he had only made the tour of the place st. sulpice . ” mousqueton ? of repugnance , he was about to pass without speaking to him , but , as he had done the day before , m. bonacieux accosted him . head out at the window , and gave her orders to her maid . . you ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . till tomorrow . ” it is not aramis ; and by your exclamation i perceive you have mistaken me for another , and pardon you .	38.35854721069336
” answered porthos , “ i understand you perfectly , on my honor ; two hundred louis , each of us , would be making a pretty thing of it ; but what will people say ? ” mass of rocks , that resembled nothing so much as a vast fire petrified at the moment of its most fervent <unk> . since it is at the same time the opinion of d ’ artagnan and of athos , it must be the best . ” it ‘ devotion , ’ ” added aramis ; “ the vineyard of self-sacrifice , to transmit to latest ages the recollection of your devotion to your master . ” for porthos and aramis , and on their arrival made them acquainted with	57.1809196472168
the situation . your life in coveting that which you might have honorably acquired ; and already you contemplated crime under the excuse of want , when god worked a miracle in your behalf , sending you , by my hands , a <unk> , indeed , for you , who had never possessed any . was ignorant of the news . recall his remembrances . said d ’ artagnan , half dead with fright , “ you made no mention of my diamond ? ” morcerf , laughing , “ beauchamp , beauchamp , keep that for the <unk> or the <unk> , but spare my future father-in-law before me. ” then , turning to monte cristo , “ you just now spoke his name as if	84.2282485961914
you knew the baron ? ” ” continued morrel ; “ recall the scene , for the words you thought were only given to silence and solitude fell into my ears . , ” thought d ’ artagnan . i would place each of these heroes on his right <unk> of robespierre on his scaffold in the place louis <unk> ; that of napoleon on the column of the place <unk> . worthy captain ? ” chap of twenty-one mean with a fine <unk> of seventeen ? ” ” said blaisois . detain you some time longer , but i will strive to make it as short as possible . us in a corner and send us whatever you like from yours . ” ” cried a hostler	98.83468627929688
, running out and looking after the stranger , “ monsieur , here is a paper which dropped out of your hat ! , looked at the four gentlemen and drank with a smile full of nobility and gratitude . , like yourself ! ” said the queen , ironically . , ” said maximilian with a smile . ” murmured the king . millions . ” us , i will show monsieur de tréville ’ s letter , and you will show your leaves of absence . openly , it appears , but he does it through m. cavalcanti , and gives him fifty thousand francs for it . ” ? ” asked all the four friends . heard the sound of a door turning on its	33.615970611572266
hinges , and almost immediately afterwards the tapestry was drawn aside , and the owner of all these riches stood before the two young men . the quarter of such a <unk> who am still only in the <unk> by selling my saddles , i shall procure it . these garments fit me ? ” , ” added the other . not to overhear what they said , but because i could do nothing else ; besides , the same thing had occurred often before . , young man , struggle ardently and <unk> ; live , yourself , your mother and sister , with the most rigid economy , so that from day to day the property of those whom i leave in your hands may augment	103.6578598022461
and <unk> . d ’ artagnan , “ and do not come till you hear me drum my fingers on the door . ” ” returned monte cristo ; “ it is very convenient , then ? ” , and the moment arrives , i will come to you , count . ” circle of witty abbés and pretty women ; everything goes on smoothly , so certainly , dear friend , i shall not meddle in politics . ” mistress to the false de wardes . shocked on the landing , his respect for the cardinal was scandalized in the antechamber . , ” said the count ; “ but look , is not your correspondent putting itself in motion ? ” , the soldier stopped his	60.19429397583008
march to listen to her . between love and avarice . cahusac , became evidently paler , but did not give way a foot . longer endure this conversation , which had made him bewildered . me of those by whom i am surrounded , monsieur d ’ artagnan , is doubtless true , ” said the queen , “ but i have confidence in you alone . ; condemned by parliament . ” has written to the duke of buckingham in her name . ” sign which called down persecution . the treasures in the world , or all the kings of the earth ! sailor whose name you have assumed , ” he said , by way of changing the conversation , “ you pass your	54.989410400390625
life in travelling ? ” me to terrify me , that ’ s all. ’ you are mistaken . pardon to every sin ! guardian , whom he had quitted , gazing after him in front of the royal <unk> , raoul spurred on his horse , in order not only to escape from his own melancholy reflections , but also to hide from olivain the emotion his face might betray . minutes ago , and he is now occupied in dictating his will to two notaries . ” ” replied the old man , “ i did not turn to that source for recreation or support . ” , and let us visit the garden ; you are not afraid of ghosts with me , i hope	70.54631805419922
? ” , and raising his arm in sign of distress above the waves : “ pity , pity on me , gentlemen , in heaven ’ s name ! sir , these gentlemen are each of them worth fifteen hundred pounds ? ” i thank you with all my heart . ” the camp ? ” said porthos . ” asked blaisois , stupefied by this harangue , delivered with an air of profound sagacity , “ will they be of your opinion ? ” mount a gray horse and leave the palace court . ” said the procureur with his imperturbable calmness of manner , “ i consider those alone misfortunes which are irreparable . ” gather from the expression of his eyes whether porthos understood	63.57223892211914
the importance of that visit , but porthos did not even look toward him . was first done was <unk> , if not worse than useless . . ” me to conceal their names for the present ; they were speaking in an undertone , and yet i was so interested in what they said that i did not lose a single word . ” cloth , boots tolerably clean , but not of the <unk> polish , and a little too thick in the soles , <unk> gloves , a hat somewhat resembling in shape those usually worn by the gendarmes , and a black cravat striped with white , which , if the proprietor had not worn it of his own free will , might have	71.84344482421875
passed for a <unk> , so much did it resemble one . reason , ” said danglars with a smile , which he tried to make <unk> , “ i prefer m. andrea cavalcanti to m. albert de morcerf . ” ” said athos , “ but this child comes in the name of heaven . ” took part in this great battle , bragelonne ! ” cried the former musketeer . gentlemen , we would assist you if it were necessary . ” house , they found the ground cut up , as if a considerable body of horsemen had preceded them . life , which is <unk> , and which will be dear to me from the moment i am not obliged to see an enemy	38.56825637817383
in you . he acknowledges me . ” then ; they do not concern me . eyes , ” said the italian gravely ; “ i will show the gentlemen the door . ” to the interview he proposed to hold with morrel and his family , departed , murmuring as he went these lines of <unk> , “ youth is a flower of which love is the fruit ; happy is he who , after having watched its silent growth , is permitted to gather and call it his own. ” the carriage was prepared according to orders , and stepping lightly into it , the count drove off at his usual rapid pace . best to obey you , madame , ” said the youthful king	86.04461669921875
, “ but i have no inclination to sleep . ” had placed his stable at d ’ artagnan ’ s service . , ” resumed lord de winter . face of athos , and he made a step toward his eminence . fellow , that friend caderousse . ” his arm to porthos . pale , was purple with heat and passion . to your health , and you to mine ? ” said d ’ artagnan , filling two glasses with the beaugency wine which he had obtained from the liberality of m. bonacieux . die , poor girl ! ” him ? ” he said to ali , who entered : the gascon , determined to confine himself to this specimen of the german tongue	33.72968292236328
. tell each other secrets without being particularly intimate ; own , now , that you did question her on the subject . ? ” said valentine , looking anxiously around . ” exclaimed mordaunt , “ they are friends , dear friends of mine , and i would lay down my life for them . ” . an hour , and how many times had he , for pure pastime , continued in the water for more than twice as long ! , ” said m. de tréville , who had a <unk> of literature , “ and monsieur de benserade was <unk> it to me the other day . you mean ? ” sardinia , where they intended to take in a cargo , which was	56.53142547607422
to replace what had been discharged . cæsar looked at him with an ironical air , which proved that he had anticipated all , and that the snare was well spread . ” worthy of a prince to travel upon such horses . ” replied with his habitual coolness , without betraying either disturbance or surprise , that should the agitators refuse obedience to the king ’ s wishes he would have gallows erected in the public squares and proceed at once to hang the most active among them . remained for some moments still on the defensive ; then , as the noise of the horsemen became more and more distant , they sheathed their swords . the parpaillot , then , for here the walls are	92.75322723388672
like sheets of paper . ” them , several innkeepers questioned , without a single clew being given to guide their inquiries , when at <unk> athos felt upon the table that something rough was touching his delicate fingers . to dine . through mere uneasiness of life , and in order to be sentenced to death , commit acts of useless violence , and you might fall a victim . ” each other with amazement ; the ceremony which was just concluded had not appeared more sorrowful than did that which was about to begin . devoted to them , ” repeated porthos ; “ and <unk> whom are you devoted now ? ” startling revelation was to follow this ominous prelude . collected enough to jest	142.47601318359375
; at the same time , as though to <unk> the <unk> propensities , the man took some black bread , cheese , and onions from his <unk> , which he began devouring <unk> . years of age , i should say . ” thing . ” of one of these musketeers and help me to put it on . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan and the citizen at the same time , each having recognized his man . ” asked blaisois . should like to do him that <unk> do you say to it ? ” to the last <unk> , he is almost at the point of dishonor . ” he , “ what does that mean ? ” the soldier on <unk> zealous catholic	35.91874313354492
, no <unk> off the charm , for through the door he called : “ hold your tongue , madame ! my dear duke , ” continued the minister of police , “ we are almost assured that , in a very short time , the usurper will be insane . ” ” d ’ artagnan ; “ i know what you mean . ” to its general notoriety . ” laporte , the confidential valet of the queen . in proportion as he did so , d ’ artagnan saw that he became pale . be very uneasy on your account . ” of it , i will do what i can to advance his interests . not affright me , ” said d ’ artagnan .	33.0102653503418
that avowal now and then , i can endure anything . ” and am not afraid of being robbed , i went and opened the gate and saw three men at a few paces from it . window . that , like a fool , a greater fool than he of whom i spoke just now , i mistook for this peasant girl a young bandit of fifteen or sixteen , with a <unk> chin and slim waist , and who , just as i was about to <unk> a chaste salute on his lips , placed a pistol to my head , and , aided by seven or eight others , led , or rather dragged me , to the catacombs of st. sebastian , where i	74.62393951416016
found a highly educated brigand chief perusing cæsar ’ s _commentaries_ , and who deigned to leave off reading to inform me , that unless the next morning , before six o ’ clock , four thousand piastres were paid into his account at his banker ’ s , at a quarter past six i should have ceased to exist . being your father ? no more money left to pay you ? ” asked the infuriated danglars . sure ! ” said d ’ artagnan , pressing athos ’ s hand . men in the <unk> and stables , and he placed them at the queen ’ s disposal . his companion ’ s lips seemed fraught with the mysteries of science , as worthy of digging	69.35004425048828
out as the gold and diamonds in the mines of guzerat and golconda , which he could just recollect having visited during a voyage made in his earliest youth . . raised his hand to his face , and observing that his fingers were covered with the monarch ’ s blood , fell down insensible . replied the young princess , “ a cavalier has just entered the louvre and wishes to present his respects to your majesty ; he arrives from the army and has , he says , a letter to remit to you , on the part of the marechal de grammont , i think . ” trophies , presenting to view swords of all sorts , and on the walls hung four great pictures	74.7883071899414
representing in their ordinary military costume the cardinal de lorraine , the cardinal de richelieu , the cardinal de la valette , and the archbishop of bordeaux . cardinal was weighing beforehand the terms in which he was about to speak , and that milady was collecting all her intellectual faculties to comprehend the things he was about to say , and to <unk> them in her memory when they should be spoken . will take this bag , and you will go away without being too <unk> . ” through all ; and then , my dear marquis , he would certainly have done everything for me that i performed for him . . ” toward heaven ; athos made the sign of the cross . that	55.19160461425781
monsieur de rochefort is—— ” ? ” he said . , ” said the marshal , “ you have divined all that was possible to human genius . ” the arm of villefort , who was obliged to support himself against the wall . into the earth , and encountered the same resistance , but not the same sound . a sign to cocles , who went first ; the seamen followed him and emmanuel brought up the rear . ” could neither move nor cry out . one thing , that , being unwilling to let such talents as mine sleep , i wished to try upon the arabs the new pistols that had been given to me . ” in the <unk> ? ” home ,	49.56962585449219
i will give up all . shed your blood . ” taken the veil , all this fortune would have descended to my father , and , in reversion , to his son . ” letter ? ” have franz and château-renaud ; they will be the very men for it . ” police agents and gendarmes , in the midst of whom , carefully watched , but calm and smiling , stood the prisoner . ? ” ” said monte cristo ; “ but i preferred having an entrance which would allow me to see the bois de boulogne over my gate . ” fancied she saw the luminous eye of the <unk> eye which lived in her memory , and the recollection overwhelmed her with so	59.90846252441406
much shame that she asked herself whether any amount of gratitude could ever repay his adventurous and devoted friendship . his hide , for , _certes_ , the carcass is not worth eighteen livres . unlucky englishman was dead . table the papers pointed out , gave them to him who asked for them , bowed to the ground , and retired . ; enough blood has flowed , enough misery has humbled a town deprived of its king and of justice . the time of cardinal richelieu , who would have closed the ports on bare suspicion . ” in it ? ” a line for the vicar of st. jacques de la boucherie ? to speak to me ; but was it indeed remorse , tell	132.5489959716797
me ? ” the count , “ have the other fish brought <unk> sterlet and the lamprey which came in the other casks , and which are yet alive . ” d ’ artagnan , “ let us inquire further . ” willing to die ! ” cried milady , struggling . , dantès asked to take the helm ; the <unk> , glad to be relieved , looked at the captain , and the latter by a sign indicated that he might abandon it to his new comrade . their windows , with the coolness peculiar to the inhabitants of paris in these times of perpetual riots and disturbances , closed them again as soon as they saw the four men in black <unk> instinct telling them	64.79944610595703
that for the time all was over . . were fired . make him do it in the presence of two witnesses , do you ? ” ; i have lost all that bound me to life , death smiles and invites me to repose ; i die after my own manner , i die exhausted and <unk> , as i fall asleep when i have paced three thousand times round my cell , —that is thirty thousand steps , or about ten leagues . ” to you—the comte de la fere ; you do not know that name . ” said the young man , bending his knee , “ bless me ! ” morrel took the head of his son between his two hands , drew	65.7601318359375
him forward , and kissing his forehead several times said : no definite plan ; all must depend on circumstances . never mind that , ” said the italian ; “ it is not worth the trouble . ” i , my <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> , the secretary and friend of <unk> know you now , both you and your companions . ” from those principles , monsieur ? ” asked monte cristo , who could not help looking at morrel with so much intensity , that two or three times the young man had been unable to sustain that clear and piercing glance . m. danglars said ? ’ another sign in the negative . ; and if it makes thee	57.12720489501953
happy i will not ‘ <unk> ’ you any longer . ” are a lad of your word , and if ever you leave your master , i will promise you a place in my service . ” and lord de winter did not appear . by the presence of the cardinal and the alteration in the king ’ s countenance , m. de tréville felt himself something like samson before the <unk> . look like the great <unk> ! ” street ? in the anteroom , the door opened , and a man dressed as an abbé and doubtless more familiar with the house than he was , came in and instead of waiting , merely bowed , passed on to the farther apartments , and disappeared	57.97859191894531
. so ? ” . there also . ” musket <unk> was an arquebus ball . did everything . ” this period , to leave corsica on an important expedition ; i reflected for a long time , and with the hope of <unk> some <unk> misfortune , i resolved that benedetto should accompany me . since we have had a battle , eh , porthos ? ” , provided it is safe , ” said the commissary , with an indifference which penetrated poor bonacieux with horror . and contrived in the same manner that his friends should partake of them ; aramis had eight of them . looked eagerly at each other . court , to whom d ’ artagnan called by their names . ,	55.159271240234375
recall old recollections ; she would supplicate him by the remembrance of guilty , yet happy days . ” continued he , after a moment ’ s silence , “ conceal from you , that while your probity and exactitude up to this moment are universally acknowledged , yet the report is current in marseilles that you are not able to meet your liabilities . ” i had incurred disgrace with your eminence . ” a living in tuscany or piedmont by acting as <unk> or _cicerone_ , and i pitied you sincerely , as i would a child of my own . the following afternoon , at half-past five o ’ clock , the young men parted . at the inn of the red dovecot was overheard	107.78274536132812
by these four men ; tell him that after his departure one of them came up to me and took from me by violence the <unk> which he had given me ; tell him they warned lord de winter of my journey to england ; that this time they nearly foiled my mission as they foiled the affair of the studs ; tell him that among these four men two only are to be <unk> ’ artagnan and athos ; tell him that the third , aramis , is the lover of madame de <unk> may be left alone , we know his secret , and it may be useful ; as to the fourth , porthos , he is a fool , a simpleton , a <unk>	76.86620330810547
booby , not worth troubling himself about . ” i was traveling on an important mission . , of abuse of power , and murder . poor kitty , forced to put on a pleasant face , responded in a stifled voice whose dolorous accent her mistress did not however remark , solely because happiness is egotistical . my lord ! ” said he to the baron . ? ” duel ? ” asked albert in his turn , astonished at this strange theory . ” ’ clock in the morning . hope valentine will escape ? ” go meanwhile ? ” said morcerf , laughing . murmured d ’ artagnan . , ” replied the unhappy man , the tears starting to his eyes at this simple	69.88562774658203
question , — “ nothing , only i want it . ” for instance , what , out of regard to your nervous susceptibility , i will inform you of in the drawing-room , namely , that the credit of a banker is his physical and moral life ; that credit <unk> him as breath <unk> the body ; and m. de monte cristo once gave me a lecture on that subject , which i have never forgotten . and motionless , having but the force of will and not the power of execution . ” he cried , “ that was my only prayer at last ; i no longer begged for liberty , but memory ; i dreaded to become mad and forgetful . throw again	84.8812484741211
, do you not ? ” open , and the lady enter by escalade . became scarlet , and he coughed , in order to have an excuse for putting his handkerchief to his mouth . sounded a rappel and all the officers of the royalist army , mingling momentarily with the parisian troops , ran to him . the emperor had not landed . ” yes , sir ; so you see that i am not likely to do any of these things . ” . ” young person with you tonight , count , ” said eugénie . him very well ; and i also believe that he has not a very warm affection for his sister-in-law . ” times that it was surprising that linen	61.39987564086914
drapers should live in such houses as those , in houses that had no signs ; but she always laughed at me . d ’ artagnan , “ why don ’ t you give yourself up directly , feet and hands bound , to that wretch ? will only put this scheme into execution , and be steady , nothing could be better . ” or fort <unk> , was not built until <unk> , nearly 50 years later . d ’ artagnan ; “ i fancied it was so . ” , count ; do not allow it to escape . ” <unk> which were sent to m. de saint-méran ; and m. de saint-méran is dead . user to return or destroy all copies of the	56.282630920410156
works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg™ works . touched at leghorn , he remembered a barber in st. <unk> street ; he went there to have his beard and hair cut . swear to you . ” accompany him ; fernand agreed to do so , deserted his post , and followed the general . mean ? ” invalid , ” answered scarron . st. gervais , athos , and the napkin which was converted into a banner ? ” and he then related to raoul the story of the bastion , and raoul fancied he was listening to one of those deeds of arms belonging to days of chivalry , so gloriously recounted	89.05931854248047
by tasso and <unk> . , and dressed with unusual care . been many years in use , for it was thickly covered with a coating of soot ; this soot i dissolved in a portion of the wine brought to me every sunday , and i assure you a better ink can not be desired . and found these <unk> carved upon the wood with a knife : her complexion might therefore deceive a person who saw her for the first time . cried aramis . crime , of which i have the proof ? ” order to follow valentine in thought at every hour in the day , had he made her describe the whole house , that without having seen it he knew it all	87.97441101074219
. , then ? ” asked mazarin . ray of sunlight ? ” opened . from friendship , having but one affection , which could not be mixed up with her ordinary pursuits , she thought of <unk> no one but herself . in the <unk> , ’ cried the captain ; ‘ let go the <unk> ’ s , haul the brace , lower the top-gallant sails , haul out the <unk> on the yards . ’ ” news of them this evening , to-morrow we must start . ” le coadjuteur . ” secret just discovered . ” mercy of every <unk> in the palais royal who covers waste paper with nonsense , or of every country <unk> in the kingdom . ” certainly you !	65.23839569091797
” he cried . hundred thousand francs to be able to do so . ” probably on the road . ” of the cardinal ’ s guards . , but i imagine that this woman , wholly unknown to me as she is , and wholly unknown to her as i am , has an influence over my life . ” must trust in god . ” to go , ” said the queen . ” lord de winter , “ we are going to pay a visit to her majesty the queen of england . ” excellency chose , ” said the captain , “ you might have capital sport . ” said d ’ artagnan and aramis at the same time . word , <unk> ,	15.419374465942383
” said the abbé , “ that my intentions are good ; and that your husband can incur no risk , provided he answers me candidly . ” to awaken my regret . ” well dressed for the first time in his life . ” orphans are to be pitied , ” said danglars , wishing to prolong the jest . opposite to him descended first , then he was ordered to alight and the gendarmes on each side of him followed his example . had passed between the king and queen ; but both of them had spoken so low that everybody , out of respect , withdrew several steps , so that nobody had heard anything . with you ; the windows in the palazzo rospoli	69.05609130859375
alone decided me . ” of grief . ” , then ? ” you against me ? ” <unk> before the prisoner arrived . carnival had so run in his head as to make him leave his pillow long before his usual hour . the blade , the master had slyly put that on one side to make himself a <unk> pin . the base man that has brought tears into your beautiful eyes ! ” honor , ” said athos , “ your eminence is right in taking us with you ; we have seen several ill-looking faces on the road , and we have even had a quarrel at the red dovecot with four of those faces . ” ? is above ! continued mazarin ,	70.39959716796875
finishing , as it were , the speech this sudden movement of the queen had cut ; “ i wish , in fact , that you should now do for your husband what you formerly did for your lover . ” is not like a soldier to be so bad a judge of courage . of escape of the duc de beaufort . for nothing , ” said gaetano . the flock was safe at the farm , the little luigi hastened to the <unk> at palestrina , took a large nail , heated and sharpened it , and formed a sort of stylus . entered his apartment , and peppino stationed himself on the bench outside the door of the hotel , after having whispered something in	63.98056411743164
the ear of one of the descendants of marius and the gracchi whom we noticed at the beginning of the chapter , who immediately ran down the road leading to the capitol at his fullest speed . lowered his voice— “ all france , covered with spies and creatures of the cardinal , must be crossed . to the spot , astounded and not knowing what to think . ask of you , dear love . ” to be any distance from you when the carriage comes for <unk> dinner or supper , for instance ? ” with the engagement ? ” in extravagant joy at the palais royal , to increase the hilarity of the queen , mazarin , a man of sense , and whose fear	73.33966827392578
, moreover , gave him foresight , lost no time in making idle and dangerous jokes ; he went out after the coadjutor , settled his account , locked up his gold , and had confidential workmen to contrive hiding places in his walls . know me ; i have done all in my power to oppose it . ” your son , who will , of course , take great care of them . ” said mazarin , his eyes twinkling with joy on seeing that he could pay for porthos ’ s devotion without opening his purse ; “ only that ? will be , ” said athos : “ we shall get into some pretty quarrel or other , and we have no need of	73.05740356445312
one just now . shot at ten paces and missed his man ; and the spaniard , who had advanced to meet raoul , aimed in his turn , and raoul felt a pain in the left arm , similar to that of a blow from a whip . esteems him very highly , and de tréville , as you know , is one of the queen ’ s greatest friends . very hungry , ” replied mouston . the count , “ i refer you to your confessor . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ more reason why we should start on our journey . the best horse you can find . upon her marvellous escape been gone through when she wrote the following letter to	65.69346618652344
madame danglars : — returned into the salon , while the count , again <unk> , left by another door . not much to complain of ; bourges is the capital of charles vii . so , how came you in the bastille ? ” mayor , what is my opinion of m. morrel , and i shall say that he is a man honorable to the last degree , and who has up to this time fulfilled every engagement with scrupulous punctuality . , and wrote : ” the ground and sat down with a shake of the head . few rays , not of daylight , but from a lamp , penetrated through the <unk> planks of the door ; he approached just as the brigand	59.79957962036133
was <unk> himself with a mouthful of brandy , which , owing to the leathern bottle containing it , sent forth an odor which was extremely unpleasant to danglars . affairs of gallantry ; and if he has fostered his amours by promises of eternal constancy , he must likewise have sown the seeds of hatred by his eternal <unk> . ” ” said the coadjutor , “ i am to preach to-morrow and have twenty texts to examine this evening . ” the count , carelessly ; “ for the other ( he glanced at the tablets as if to recall the name ) , for peppino , called rocca priori . , ” said danglars with supreme impertinence , “ that you had a <unk> to	87.10381317138672
make up ? ” your story , penelon . ” busoni had told your excellency . ” gone to change his face which was too like that of monsieur de mazarin ? mazarin , drawing the ring from his finger , “ my dear d ’ artagnan , there is a diamond which belonged to you formerly , it is but just it should return to you ; take it , i pray . ” ” over the body of your daughter . ” labored under dreadful nervous excitement , she was better ; and moreover , monte cristo had told him when , half distracted , he had rushed to the count ’ s house , that if she were not dead in two hours she would	54.331275939941406
be saved . valentine . as if he wished to drink , and then pointed to his horse and <unk> like a man who is brushing something . , the sentinel who guarded the door put his head through the opening , curious as to what the king was doing . , and was taken , on the recommendation of m. morrel , who did not know his crime , as cashier into a spanish bank . for monsieur de wardes . ” murmured valentine . you have life before you , my dear albert , for you are yet scarcely twenty-two years old ; and as a pure heart like yours wants a spotless name , take my father ’ <unk> was <unk> . the death of	46.29360580444336
the body i regret ; for is not the destruction of the vital principle , the repose to which everything is tending , to which every unhappy being aspires , —is not this the repose of matter after which i so long sighed , and which i was seeking to attain by the painful process of starvation when faria appeared in my dungeon ? , he conscientiously repeated the same signals , which were finally transmitted to the minister of the interior . who understood provençal , begged the <unk> of marseilles to give them this bare and barren promontory , where , like the sailors of old , they had run their boats ashore . composed the crew , obeyed , while the pilot looked on .	166.71087646484375
assassin by <unk> murderer in cold blood ? how vivid his eye , how <unk> his hair , and his brow , though so pale , is free from wrinkles , —he is not only vigorous , but also young . ” friends , not timidly , but in a way that appeared to ask their opinion of what he had just done . journal last <unk> wait , and read for yourself. ” and albert handed over the paper to the count , who read as follows : finger , glided over the words , but at each one noirtier answered by a negative sign . the air ; how lovely the blue heavens and <unk> sky ! father . to my health ! reached by porthos	123.3853530883789
was about to bring back hilarity to faces now more or less clouded , hasty footsteps were heard upon the stair and some one knocked at the door . way for your majesty to escape . think of giving this order till five hours after the <unk> is to say , till two o ’ clock in the <unk> vessels had already left the port , the one bearing , as we know , milady , who , already anticipating the event , was further confirmed in that belief by seeing the black flag flying at the <unk> of the admiral ’ s ship . <unk> understand that ; not like monsieur de richelieu , who went on just as he pleased . mme . that you will	96.22764587402344
support the project gutenberg™ mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg™ works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the project gutenberg™ name associated with the work . complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the united states . mazarin , conducting d ’ artagnan into the queen ’ s oratory and desiring him to wait there . for the rue férou , and even exceeded it ; you ought to be satisfied . ” ’ s end . ’ athos . of the king ’ s room , replaced on his head the hat he had taken off to receive his guests , looked for a moment contemptuously at this simple	45.45708465576172
, yet touching scene , then turning to d ’ artagnan , assumed an air of triumph at what he had achieved . , dressed as i am in this pilot coat , on a night as dark as this . ” said the musketeers . felton ; “ you see plainly that i listen , and that i am anxious to know the end . ” world is much older , and when mankind will be masters of all the destructive powers in nature , to serve for the general good of humanity ; when mankind , as you were just saying , have discovered the secrets of death , then that death will become as sweet and voluptuous as a slumber in the arms of your	79.72178649902344
beloved . ” call a yacht . ” know them , but the four other noblemen called the englishman ‘ my lord . ’ ” her throbbing heart , and at the distance of a few paces i saw my father , who was glancing anxiously around . , a <unk> part of a railway is worth fully as much as an acre of waste land on the banks of the <unk> . , not feared . ” , ” said he , with emphasis . paris to châlons , walking six leagues a day ; madame de villefort followed the litter in her carriage . morrel , reading all that passed through the minds of the witnesses to the scene , “ i know what i am	57.34199142456055
saying , and you know as well as i do what i am about to <unk> has been assassinated ! ” i was in utter darkness . ’ artagnan , turning toward the door , which had just opened , “ here is monsieur du vallon , who comes with his coat torn . ” the guns of the louvre announced the departure of the king , and then a movement , similar to that of trees in a stormy wind that bend and writhe with agitated tops , ran though the multitude , which was compressed behind the immovable muskets of the guard . ” other of you , perhaps both , return it to me at paris . <unk> ’ caderousse followed him slowly to the	59.08300018310547
threshold . the blow and discharged a terrible look at d ’ artagnan , who responded by the most amiable expression that ever <unk> a human countenance . , madame , since i saw you for the first time , and during those three years i have loved you thus . , beauchamp , ” observed the young <unk> . i am charged , sir , ” replied the visitor , speaking with hesitation , “ is a confidential one on the part of him who <unk> it , and him by whom he is <unk> ” the abbé bowed . three years older than you are , raoul , when i saw him set to work , <unk> against tried men . ” he could scarcely account	47.97675323486328
to himself , the young catalan placed his hand on the knife at his belt . come out ? ” andrea , with a certain ill-concealed uneasiness , “ i thought i heard my father-in-law say that he intended embarking our property in that famous railway affair of which you spoke just now . ” ” repeated beauchamp , looking with amazement at the count . not mean that , ” said he ; “ besides , here comes the confirmation of my assertion . ” of it , my little fellow ? ” said caderousse . light the still youthful and veiled figure of madame de morcerf : soon disappeared with him behind the <unk> of sand unobserved . athos , “ by his own nephew .	56.53786849975586
” s wishes to the contrary ? ” said madame de villefort , selecting a new point of attack . took , d ’ artagnan was unable to learn any more concerning his three <unk> friends . father for you ? ” ” cried aramis . the wardrobe . he had a packet to leave at porto-ferrajo ? ” which led to the boat . said monte cristo . ? ” on in the city yonder ? ” said athos . you have seen me ; you knew me once . ” athos , still on the breach , “ another musket ! ” is a man of prodigious strength ; still , if athos <unk> us , well , we shall be three of us to laugh	38.64346694946289
at aramis , that little coxcomb with his too good luck . ” i will not drag my daughter before a tribunal , and give her up to the executioner ! man on board , and i am as sure of him as i am of myself . true , ” said aramis . you shall be treated like a prince , as you are . ” and i accept it , and have returned to sleep beneath your friendly roof . ’ ! jacopo manfredi ? ” , express from rome , to ask you for information . ” woman you would dare not fly , i presume ? ” that no one ever appeared to advance a step in that man ’ s favor . mother	58.02508544921875
, who <unk> exceedingly well , and who , unwilling to part with so valuable a picture , gave it to me to put here , where it would be less likely to displease m. de morcerf , whose portrait , by <unk> , i will also show you . la ramee ; and one by one he sent away the guards , on various pretexts . rest brought his friend “ sinbad the sailor ” back to his recollection , and that was the mysterious sort of intimacy that seemed to exist between the brigands and the sailors ; and pastrini ’ s account of vampa ’ s having found refuge on board the vessels of smugglers and fishermen , reminded franz of the two corsican bandits	89.16495513916016
he had found supping so <unk> with the crew of the little yacht , which had even deviated from its course and touched at porto-vecchio for the sole purpose of landing them . ” replied athos , smiling at that gayety which recalled the good old days , “ that we could form an association of men who would be , after twenty years of separation , still so closely bound together . of a second confidential epistle for his eminence . finding the luck turned , that i again staked the diamond . ” absurd , and i can not see why m. debray ’ s name is mixed up in this affair . ” in all the horror of my situation , after increasing it by	101.41695404052734
what you have revealed to me . said benedetto , laughing ; “ do you want proofs ? ” aramis , “ came toward me , accompanied by five or six men who followed about ten paces behind him ; and in the politest tone , ‘ monsieur duke , ’ said he to me , ‘ and you madame , ’ continued he , addressing the lady on my <unk> ” over me in my sleep , that all was completed . that the delicate care of a mother , unwilling to part from her son , and yet aware that a young man of the viscount ’ s age required the full exercise of his liberty , had chosen this habitation for albert . , charged	52.132747650146484
me to take it from you . ” smiling . to do so . ” this journey , of which the day before he had not even thought and which had not occurred to andrea either , by the arrival of bertuccio from normandy with intelligence respecting the house and sloop . and entered the rue de harlay by the place dauphine ; the driver was paid as the door opened , and stepping lightly up the stairs madame danglars soon reached the salle des <unk> . time before them , on the horizon , a rather thick wood ; and when they had arrived at a distance of a hundred steps from it , monsieur d ’ arminges took his usual precautions and sent on in advance	67.92134857177734
the count ’ s two grooms . agitation louis xviii . in your attire , the better will be the effect , as you are a rich man . rochefort ? silence which death seemed to impose ; at length valentine ventured . old man clinging to life with so desperate a courage , gave a fresh turn to his ideas , and inspired him with new courage . see them ? ” cried friquet , “ don ’ t you see ? to prove that the general was murdered . with blood ! ” him of that which he had dragged from under the feet of aramis . fortune is inconstant , as the chaplain of the regiment said . . resumed bertuccio , “ your excellency	56.959869384765625
may , perhaps , be able to comprehend that this place , which i revisit for the first <unk> garden , the actual scene of my <unk> have given rise to reflections of no very agreeable nature , and produced that gloom and depression of spirits which excited the notice of your excellency , who was pleased to express a desire to know the cause . , manly tread , and poor barrois followed him as he best might . me ? ” but i knew his step , i knew his voice , i knew him by that imposing bearing which hell has bestowed upon his person for the curse of humanity . price for all our provisions . you refused to recognize me . the stables	106.45194244384766
, already taken a look at the horses and given the necessary orders for the day , whilst athos and aramis were still in bed and porthos snoring . body in his arms and conveyed it to the grotto , while in her turn teresa remained outside . and groslow , having won some hundred pistoles , was in the <unk> possible humor . listen . then , ” replied athos , “ we will teach them , these door <unk> ! ” the window at <unk> ’ s or <unk> ’ s shines with more splendor when it is our own ; but if we are compelled to acknowledge the superiority of another , and still must retain the one that is inferior , do you not	80.09378814697266
know what we have to endure ? ” madame : ‘ mazarin is a <unk> . into yourself , and you will do justice to the lady . ” have said , was making a similar inventory of her property to albert ’ s , while she was arranging her jewels , shutting her drawers , collecting her keys , to leave everything in perfect order , she did not perceive a pale and sinister face at a glass door which threw light into the passage , from which everything could be both seen and heard . <unk> in their <unk> chairs , and philosophers in their <unk> , occasionally say cruel truths ; let us suppose for the moment that we are <unk> in a social way	73.52587890625
, or even philosophically , and i will say to you , rude as it may seem , ‘ my brother , you sacrifice greatly to pride ; you may be above others , but above you there is god . ’ ” . , —something wonderful , an absurdity , a miracle , —of what nature he alone can tell who has mingled with our reason that folly we call hope . replied noirtier . his handkerchief to the window bars , or refuse food and die of starvation . d ’ herblay ? ” said , “ it is sad , i know well , to be forced to yield thus ; but , pshaw ! ; i have served always in the infantry . its	122.22864532470703
ordinary state of calmness , only an unusual fire beamed from his eyes , like the effects of a fever ; his brow was more pale than it generally was ; his teeth were clenched , and his speech had a short dry accent which indicated that something dark was at work within him . guess , my dear athos ? then they fear me ! ’ take it in that sense , ” said caderousse , “ it is another thing . lads , as quick as you <unk> ’ now , ” continued penelon , “ you see , m. morrel , a sailor is attached to his ship , but still more to his life , so we did not wait to be told twice	66.2154312133789
; the more so , that the ship was sinking under us , and seemed to say , ‘ get <unk> <unk> ’ we soon launched the boat , and all eight of us got into it . the necessary maneuvers , and toward seven o ’ clock in the morning the little vessel cast anchor in the bay that had been named . a turn with me and i will explain . ” count is his father . turning his back on the guards of the city , and saluting those of the camp . believed him ; but men are changed by events . ” , ” stammered the mercer , more dead than alive , “ at your service . ” we will go into	55.367000579833984
paris . ” life had depended upon the spot to which she was going or upon the person who should accompany her , d ’ artagnan would have returned home , since he had so promised . to stand behind your chair , and since he doesn ’ t speak , your highness will neither see nor hear him and with a little effort can imagine him a hundred miles away . ” ? ” he said . concealed in the tapestry opened , and a woman appeared . ” but that he might get me out of this , if he were favorably inclined to me . ” crimes of this <unk> crimes , european crimes , if so we may <unk> the private and unknown crimes	64.15322875976562
with which milady had charged him , felton found that the more culpable of the two men which formed the character of buckingham was the one of whom the public knew not the life . out the abbé , “ all is over with me . so unquestionably , had not god given me so large a compensation . , and then said , coloring , “ will it be really rendering you a service , d ’ artagnan ? ” a <unk> , i warn you . ” word of honor , sir , ” said dantès ; “ but what is the matter ? <unk> , pale with fatigue and vexation , milady saw only the blue coasts of <unk> appear . ” exclaimed morrel ,	47.23814392089844
“ i do not deceive <unk> young man who is waving his hat , that youth in the uniform of a lieutenant , is albert de morcerf ! ” louis xviii. , “ i command you to speak . ” a beautiful girl of sixteen or seventeen , who looked with anxiety at the stranger . case to you , ” continued the count ; “ that where society , attacked by the death of a person , <unk> death by death . exclamation of surprise and indignation . the deck for him . not forget that i have my executioners to punish , and perhaps , too , who knows , some friends to reward . friend ? ” said he , in as pure french as	49.29027557373047
has ever been uttered between rouen and tours . , ” observed athos . as well concealed the comte de la fère , as the name milady clarik concealed anne de <unk> . any ? ” his treasure , or was all the world deceived as to faria ? snake rise up on your path ? ” quote to me some one of these events in history , ” said milady , “ perhaps i should partake of your confidence as to the future . ” thus without anyone to attach you to life ? ” villefort , “ your majesty mistakes ; this is an officer ’ s cross . ” milady ? ” cried athos , with a voice in which it was easy to detect	81.26009368896484
strong emotion . help him to down the fronde , but on one <unk> he sometimes remembers the king ’ s faithful servants and gives the first vacant company of musketeers to a man that i could name . and making a violent effort to control his feelings , — “ i have a son , ” said he , “ and i ought to think of him , finding myself among assassins . ” . ” when baron porthos would be useful . ” tried to understand them ? ” said the king , “ let someone go instantly and find monsieur de la trémouille ; i wish to speak with him this evening . ” , raoul ; or , rather , take horse and ride	58.47650146484375
immediately yourself . ” child , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ i am making use of the privilege conceded to me by your guardian . ” upon this fortune as something confided to me for a particular purpose . a small government pension for her . ’ they exclaimed , as all rose in bewilderment . journeyed along , a profound sadness weighed upon his heart . kept his eyes fixed on the young girl , who gradually fell asleep , yielding to the effects of the narcotic the count had given her . , always on him ! access to or distribute copies of a project gutenberg™ work in a format other than “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other format used in the official	71.14689636230469
version posted on the official project gutenberg™ website ( www.gutenberg.org ) , you must , at no additional cost , fee or expense to the user , provide a copy , a means of exporting a copy , or a means of obtaining a copy upon request , of the work in its original “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other form . at the two iron handles by which the machine was worked . he , in so changed a tone that no one would have supposed it was the same person <unk> “ besides , who says that it will begin again ? ” in person ! ” said aramis , hastening forward . said , “ do you reflect that you are bidding me to	65.90805053710938
live ? ” joyful cry , raised her eyes , looked round to question the messenger , but he had disappeared . france somewhat dear to assert her rights in that <unk> country . ’ ” entertain the haughty idea that i have not yet made you an offer equal to your value ? ” asked the cardinal , with a smile of disdain . , you must come there , as you belong to my service . ” esteems you so highly , tell him that he has spoken amiss . ” then , ” replied the count , and extending his hand towards a <unk> , suspended near the chimney-piece , he said , “ today is the 21st of february ; ” and drawing out	50.727813720703125
his watch , added , “ it is exactly half-past ten o ’ clock . ” cried he at length . noise was heard . caderousse ; “ benedetto has become the son of a great lord . ” hour he returned , accompanied by a tall man , masked , and wrapped in a large red cloak . and entered , followed by the young man . you to write to his majesty , but ask m. de salvieux to do so . no , ” returned the steward , with a sort of nervous trembling , which monte cristo , a connoisseur in all emotions , rightly attributed to great disquietude . ? ” to leave me , ” he thought , “ but he follows	35.00086212158203
the common custom . speak thus , ” said the abbé ; “ and perhaps i may , in my own person , be able to prove to you how completely you are in error . ” de tréville , touched more than ever by his paternal solicitude for his musketeers . see if by rummaging all my pockets you can find forty pistoles ; and if you can find them , bring them to me . ? the barber ’ s who had achieved his first <unk> was to enter a shop and buy a complete sailor ’ s <unk> garb , as we all know , very simple , and consisting of white trousers , a striped shirt , and a cap . of inward contemplation	70.16470336914062
, valentine had ceased for a moment to join in the conversation . to you , ” said the count , “ that i lay yearly aside a certain sum for each servant in my establishment ; those whom i am compelled to dismiss lose ( as a matter of course ) all participation in this money , while their portion goes to the fund accumulating for those domestics who remain with me , and among whom it will be divided at my death . know to whom to present it ? ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ here indeed are true believers ; it is a pleasure to work miracles before them ; they are not like that unbelieving porthos , who must see and touch	98.9726791381836
before he will believe . ” , emptied three parts of the contents in the fireplace , that it might be supposed valentine had taken it , and replaced it on the table ; then he disappeared , after throwing a farewell glance on valentine , who slept with the confidence and innocence of an angel at the feet of the lord . <unk> ? ” , reverend sir ? he , “ give fifty-five thousand francs to monsieur . ” so that i may assist you if there is any chance . ” know of your parisian husbands ? ” , the more flattering it is to you ; it gives you an idea of your value . ” stories of this bandit chief , each more	53.15240478515625
singular than the other . cried d ’ artagnan ; “ ah ! ” ” said the host , “ your young master was here a quarter of an hour ago ; he will dine at mazingarbe and sleep at cambrin . ” subterranean palace gaetano told you of . ” ? ” asked louise . sir , and i protest to you that to-day i feel very lonely . ” said the count , “ come. ” morrel mechanically followed the count , and they had entered the grotto before he perceived it . me was waiting for me at the door , and he conducted me through the corridors to a private entrance opening into the rue de vaugirard . baroness , familiarly to danglars ,	45.78230285644531
and affectionately to monte cristo . , but m. de blacas , taking his hand , restrained him . him strength ? leaving this club , ” said he , “ my father disappeared . ” of this man at the supreme moment of his agony can not be told in words . , among the spectators was one of his eminence ’ s guardsmen , who , still irritated by the defeat of his companions , which had happened only the day before , had promised himself to seize the first opportunity of avenging it . father ’ s name to her , but perhaps she will allude to him of her own accord in the course of the recital , and you have no idea how	42.78329086303711
delighted i should be to hear our name pronounced by such beautiful lips . ” the insolent creature who uttered this , but did not recognize him . leading you beyond bounds ; if monsieur de tréville heard you , you would repent of speaking thus . ” ” said beauchamp immediately ; “ but every simpleton would not be able to understand your heroism , and sooner or later you will find yourself compelled to explain it to them more energetically than would be convenient to your bodily health and the duration of your life . from it by the door , but by the window ; one doesn ’ t descend here by the marble steps of a <unk> , but by the branches of a	86.53321838378906
<unk> ; and the angel with a flaming sword who guards this <unk> seems to have changed his celestial name of <unk> into that of the more <unk> one of the prince de marsillac . ” ” said milady , seriously , “ he has deceived me , and from the moment he deceived me , he merited death . ” the young princess , falling on her knees , “ have mercy on us ! ” returned the pistol to his belt , approached the lamp to be assured that it was the paper , unfolded it , and read : from my friend the comte de rochefort . ” d ’ artagnan , “ is that the way you return to your apartment ? ” the	37.586978912353516
young man , turning pale . speed for two hours , although the horses were so fatigued that it was to be feared they would soon refuse service . but instead of going to her apartment she hastened to consult emmanuel . the president , “ do not alarm yourself ; you are among men of honor who will use every means to convince you before <unk> to the last extremity , but as you have said , you are among conspirators , you are in possession of our secret , and you must restore it to us. ” a significant silence followed these words , and as the general did not reply , — “ close the doors , ” said the president to the door-keeper .	60.512874603271484
porthos , glancing affectionately at his sword , still hanging on the wall ; “ we can wait for him ; let him come . ” , ” said the duke . commotion . ” said château-renaud , “ i will bet anything you do not believe a word of all you have been telling us . saw his way more plainly in proportion as he went on towards the light , which served in some manner as a guide . ” said the king in a low voice . to be agitated by the threats of lord de winter , she placed herself at the table and ate . said villefort . , exposing the king ’ s bed linen , which was so worn that here	38.614112854003906
and there holes could be seen . the scene we have described , the cardinal received a letter with the london <unk> which only contained these lines : “ i have them ; but i am unable to leave london for want of money . burn that house , as they burned that of the marechal d ’ ancre . indeed , ” said monte cristo with a sigh ; “ and do you think she is in the least interested in me ? ” of the unfortunate man whom you left at the inn and who died in my arms . ” you ? ” replied the swiss . are right , logically speaking , ” said maximilian ; “ but the gentle voice which usually has	44.51059341430664
such power over me fails to convince me today . ” the <unk> . it they want to know ? he is dead ; and i believe it is from him my guardian , whose near relation he was , inherited the estate from which i take my name . ” words : ‘ i am going to send monsieur d ’ artagnan away and i wish him to set out directly . ’ ” though empty , and dry , though situated at an immeasurable distance under the earth . said d ’ artagnan , no longer able to contain himself , “ allow me to introduce to you the chevalier d ’ herblay , who <unk> you may have <unk> offer his congratulations to your eminence	63.230796813964844
. ” had thrown off his vest and shirt , and secured his trousers round his waist ; his feet were naked , so he had no shoes and stockings to take off ; after these preparations he placed his finger on his lips , and lowering himself noiselessly into the sea , swam towards the shore with such precaution that it was impossible to hear the slightest sound ; he could only be traced by the <unk> line in his wake . have almost forgotten the little latin i have ever known . dig . do better , mercédès . you , indeed ? ” cried he , raising his head with quick anxiety ; “ pray , let me know what it is you have discovered	59.26395034790039
? ” her , my principal object is to ascertain what part she plays at court . ” into the street , saw the man who appeared to be waiting run in the same direction , and place himself against the angle of the wall where caderousse would come over . who should happen to contradict my master at this moment , ” said mousqueton to himself ; “ i wouldn ’ t give a farthing for his life . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ but what if this rendezvous had some hidden purpose ? ” are but <unk> for an <unk> ” said albert ; “ but we are not superstitious . delighted with major cavalcanti , had offered him a seat in his carriage .	57.972232818603516
this , not i . ” day for tours , and was allowed eight days for performing his commission . mousqueton to pick up the bottles . nicely dressed , choice <unk> , and superb fruit . , how are madeleine and antoinette ? ” hour she was completely out of sight ; at least , it was impossible for the wounded man to see her any longer from the spot where he was . that is not bad ! ” said lucien . service , madame , ” replied lucien coldly . . ” , you alarm me . she , “ you will see that if my face is pale , if my eyes are dull , if my beauty is gone ; if mercédès ,	61.15300369262695
in short , no longer resembles her former self in her features , you will see that her heart is still the same . and exquisitely <unk> little <unk> figure , with large curls falling on her neck , which was rather too long , as perugino sometimes makes his virgins , and her eyes dull from fatigue . , doctor . to follow , monsieur . ” ? ” asked aramis . saint-mandrier , near toulon . to government to cause a man ’ s disappearance without leaving any traces , so that no written forms or documents may defeat their wishes . ” been seen all four <unk> together , so that at the end of a quarter of an hour the cardinal would have been	76.28206634521484
informed by his spies that we were holding a council . ” allude , monsieur ? ” said danglars ; as if he were trying in vain to guess at the possible meaning of the general ’ s words . marble forehead , and his hand , under his coat , tore his breast . was intended <unk> is noirtier , logically speaking , who drank it . ” replied aramis . on guard , you know . mask , it is not difficult to wear a beard under it . ” least fifty thousand francs . ” felton , in a low voice . ? ” asked he . command , my lord , ” returned d ’ artagnan . and i assure you . leaves or	32.34529495239258
<unk> at the back of the chamber now arose the companions of the man who had been found by albert de morcerf reading <unk> ’ s <unk> , and by danglars studying the _life of alexander_ . guilt , he was protected by his grief . , body and soul ! ” . ’ ” me in what year ? ” ” said he . more a monarch than king , queen , and cardinal , all three together . await you at nice ? ” table with his family , having his wife opposite to him , his two daughters by his side , and his son , louvieres , whom we have already seen when the accident happened to the <unk> accident from which he had	64.68309783935547
quite <unk> the bottom of the table . had preserved all his usual coolness , made a sign to him to do so . that monsieur d ’ artagnan has been in england . we do now , gentlemen ? ” cried athos . with my <unk> consists of cooked <unk> and fruits . ” ” rejoined the leader , “ there ’ s no doubt ’ tis a gascon who is speaking , and therefore not the man we are looking for . way through the mob , which was continually increasing and getting more and more turbulent , and reached the hotel . thundering noise over the pavement , and everyone turned to notice the dazzling meteor . sure , she is not happy , ”	48.551788330078125
said caderousse . to foot and as if his determination had been taken with the rapidity of lightning , he struck one of the panes of glass with his elbow ; the glass was shivered to atoms , then withdrawing the curtain he saw morrel , who had been writing at his desk , bound from his seat at the noise of the broken window . , ” said the banker , “ do not kill yourself tonight listening to the follies of madame danglars , for you can hear them as well tomorrow ; but i claim tonight and will devote it , if you will allow me , to talk over some serious matters with my wife . ” the summit , and all at once	49.015560150146484
found themselves in the presence of twenty bandits . , porthos ? ” my family , i should only consider myself the more bound to fight ten times . ” of monte cristo who had just arrived at madame de villefort ’ s for the purpose of returning the procureur ’ s visit , and at his name , as may be easily imagined , the whole house was in confusion . many things can be done . ” . to the contrary , if you look opposite , ” said the baroness , as she laughingly pointed to the beautiful greek . modified and printed and given away—you may do practically anything in the united states with ebooks not protected by u.s. copyright law . to encounter	38.250431060791016
the jokes of the dragoon and the swiss . enemies ? ” his face ? ” asked athos . me— ” said d ’ artagnan , with timidity . the old wife of a <unk> of the châtelet , monsieur , named madame coquenard , who , although she is at least fifty , still gives herself jealous airs . yes ! ” continued the old man . four frenchmen . of an immense treasure , and offered vast sums to the government if they would <unk> him . ” ? ” asked porthos , “ what are they firing at now ? to you is the life or death of a condemned wretch ? go , my lord ? ” of the room where the queen was	49.34077453613281
receiving he made a sign for them to wait and opening the door : a hundred francs ; you see it is your interest to take my bank-notes . ” a spot on the earth which the cardinal can not reach if he takes the trouble to stretch forth his hand ? <unk> the ground , held in by the coachman , who had been seated a quarter of an hour on his box , the elegant phaeton with which we are familiar rapidly turned the angle of the <unk> , and cast out on the <unk> m. andrea cavalcanti , as decked up and gay as if he were going to marry a princess . from that day . pale and motionless baroness listened to this ,	69.16167449951172
was equalled by the calm indifference with which debray had spoken . me . you leave greece , signora ? ” asked he . came two companies of the guards , one french , the other swiss . to a shadow of his former self by constant <unk> . ” ” said porthos , “ i will see to the supper . ” , the particulars which are given prove that fernand mondego , raised by ali pasha to the rank of <unk> , is no other than count fernand of morcerf ; then , recollecting the honor you had done me , in admitting me to your friendship , i hastened to you . ” mme . ; employ it , and you will find that you	69.64454650878906
derive advantage therein . ” as immovable as a corpse , looked at the new-comers with a quick and intelligent expression , perceiving at once , by their ceremonious courtesy , that they were come on business of an unexpected and official character . minutes past eight , ” said he to morrel ; “ there is not much time lost yet . ” not less guarded than the hotel de bouillon , and presented as warlike an appearance . athos , “ either peace or war will be decided ; honor , at all events , will be maintained ! ” more loudly , clinging to the bars of the window : , i sew up the paper in the ball and you , in your game	80.38594818115234
of tennis , will send the ball into the ditch . ” ! ” have said , the 1st of march , and the prisoner was soon buried in darkness . it ? ” a spoonful of the mixture prepared for my grandfather . , i am come to give you this very title which you wish for so much . ” he told me it was you who sacrificed to the demon of speculation . ” charming country , and i <unk> on one condition only . ” , albert ? ” me what you have done for the queen ? ” sir . ” it is true ; but what signifies that ? , but above all , prudence , and think what you owe to	34.63331985473633
the queen . ” entirely of porthos ’ s opinion , ” replied aramis . spite of all my precautions , i am at last obliged to fight , will you not be my second ? ” ? ” asked albert . in a small <unk> , ready to obey the summons of a small golden bell , or to receive the orders of the romaic slave , who knew just enough french to be able to transmit her mistress ’ s wishes to the three other <unk> ; the latter had received most <unk> instructions from monte cristo to treat haydée with all the deference they would observe to a queen . m. de villefort , who sat half bowed over in his chair , offering him	46.721107482910156
consolation , encouragement , and protestations of zeal and sympathy . , yield immediately to the young man ’ s request , but made a few conscientious objections . , who is not quite well , ” replied madame de villefort , no longer being able to avoid answering . said the notary , turning first to villefort and then to <unk> “ permit me to state that the case in question is just one of those in which a public officer like myself can not proceed to act without thereby incurring a dangerous responsibility . , who understand only german . your life ; you yourself presented him to us . poisoner succeeded in <unk> her way to the door , and reached her room in an	83.06864166259766
agony of fear . paper . before going to beauchamp with your witnesses , seek further information on the subject . ” he did not recognize the infinite mercy of the lord , but at last he took patience and waited . with a look of <unk> contempt . contented himself with seeing villefort to the door of his cabinet , the procureur being escorted to his carriage by two footmen , who , on a signal from their master , followed him with every mark of attention . it . cried the queen . let us do as did the amorous gascon ; we will see after the worthy mercer later . mother , when you see me return with an embroidered uniform ! is still my	91.87269592285156
friend , but since that time i have remained his . ” quite right , monsieur . ” a single word , bowed , took the letter , with the order for the two hundred pistoles , and retired . my power to <unk> them and yet the belief of the public , you say , is that they proceed from me , an unhappy foreigner , who has been unable to please the french . of monsieur porthos , who had desired us to be so careful of this letter , was it not ? ” have been some other one than this ; as if there was not another house at auteuil than that of the assassination ! ” astonished at his singular farewell , and	38.863765716552734
asking himself if he had not been a little inconsiderate . was the first to rise . so , at least . physiognomist . good-natured , as brave , as proud , and above all , as gascon as his ancestor , but less <unk> educated . score , m. morrel ; but do you think we shall be permitted to see our poor edmond ? ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . he will <unk> ” her , ” said the count . another man , when the wisest , when those most after god ’ s own heart , hesitate to answer for themselves , and who <unk> himself on the side of the strongest and the most fortunate , to crush the weakest and	47.67875671386719
the most unfortunate . ” porthos ; “ would i were but a baron ! ” in trying to buy things cheap , monsieur porthos , ” said the procurator ’ s wife , seeking to excuse herself . for you ? ” the vessel from a distance , he had not then spoken to anyone . ” andrea , “ let it be as you wish . that prove ? ” asked valentine . ? . the day after to-morrow , ” said aramis . , remove your <unk> ” the general tore the handkerchief from his eyes . you did not follow your first vocation ; what a delicious abbé you would have made ! ” out one ’ s inheritance somehow . ” , ”	41.03660202026367
said conti . a man ’ s name ; that is the name of a mountain , ” cried the poor questioner , who began to lose his head . murmured athos . , he <unk> at the mouth , whilst mine looks as if he had only just left the stable . an hour or thereabouts , a clerk came to put an end to his tortures , but not to his anxiety , by giving the order to conduct m. bonacieux to the chamber of examination . s breath out of his body when he assumed the command without consulting anyone , and he caused us to lose a day and a half at the island of elba , instead of making for marseilles direct .	55.6320915222168
” dantès , “ i know it is not in your power to release me ; but you can plead for me—you can have me <unk> that is all i ask . , nothing about me , my lord ? ” sign from madame danglars intimated her desire to see albert in her box directly the curtain fell on the second act , and neither the politeness nor good taste of morcerf would permit his <unk> an invitation so <unk> given . the cardinal . better than that , sir , i can speak flemish . ” aramis , “ you will please to understand , gentlemen , that bazin alone can carry this letter to tours . i can render you , and for that i place	56.84086608886719
myself entirely at your orders , that is , to present , or make my friends present , you everywhere ; besides , you have no need of anyone to introduce <unk> your name , and your fortune , and your talent ” ( monte cristo bowed with a somewhat ironical smile ) “ you can present yourself everywhere , and be well received . ” said the doctor , with the <unk> usual in persons of his profession ; “ he is a churchman . him with so melancholy and sweet a smile , that maximilian felt the tears filling his eyes . the count mildly , “ do not entertain the prejudices of ordinary men , morrel ! will be immediately saddled . ” , sir	66.47227478027344
; you know it , do you not ? with all his soul ; and at that moment he could safely promise to do so , for he felt as though it were not enough to love him merely as a friend or even as a father , he <unk> him as a god . more bewildered , let grimaud loose and took the note . i assure you , ” muttered raoul , “ it is not . ” sir , most welcome ! ” repeated the astonished caderousse . those heavy <unk> , drawn by <unk> , which carry the wood cut in the fine forests of the country to the ports of the loire , came out of a byroad full of ruts and turned	60.17853927612305
on that which the two horsemen were following . more francs , ” he said , “ with the fifteen thousand already in your pocket , they will make twenty-five thousand . them nothing , and yet they are gone . ” twice he had overcome his doubts . the successive charges which were brought against him . enemies of the cardinal said that it was he himself who set these bungling assassins to work , in order to have , if wanted , the right of using reprisals ; but we must not believe everything ministers say , nor everything their enemies say . , he should protect a king pursued by parliament . ” sum in arithmetic . ” ! ” was the cry in every	90.04804229736328
direction ; the young monarch gravely put his head out of the window , looked sufficiently grateful and even bowed ; at which the cries of the multitude were renewed . tiboulen . not tell you , raoul , ” said athos , in his turn , “ that he was reckoned one of the finest swordsmen of his <unk> <unk> of iron , a wrist of steel , a sure eye and a glance of fire ; that ’ s what his adversary met with . good fellow from picardy , who gave him all the information he needed . someone ? name ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . monsieur de tréville , and monsieur de tréville will complain to the <unk> ” he then drew	53.033531188964844
two crowns majestically from his purse and gave them to the host , who accompanied him , cap in hand , to the gate , and remounted his yellow horse , which bore him without any further accident to the gate of st. antoine at paris , where his owner sold him for three crowns , which was a very good price , considering that d ’ artagnan had ridden him hard during the last stage . to the cane . name ! ” cried the unhappy young man , “ if you doubt me , question me ; i will answer you. ” villefort made a violent effort , and in a tone he strove to render firm : parliament had just arrived , in order to	52.046321868896484
enter upon those famous conferences which were to last three weeks , and produced eventually that <unk> peace , at the conclusion of which the prince was arrested . and porthos enter with internal pleasure , yet showed no joy in his countenance . ? ” said debray to franz . should think myself as rich as <unk> ” then aloud : “ are you ambitious ? ” devotion , that of his love was to come . old , and <unk> to the family . vow was fulfilled . the host , “ we will do all in our power to procure you <unk> is all i can say . ” , d ’ artagnan fancied he perceived on board it the woman of <unk> same whom	60.443607330322266
the unknown gentleman had called milady , and whom d ’ artagnan had thought so handsome ; but thanks to the current of the stream and a fair wind , his vessel passed so quickly that he had little more than a glimpse of her . milady , writing the name on half a sheet of paper ; “ i will compromise myself . ” poor porthos when he comes up , ” said aramis . as i think . ” meditation , which to him had seemed only minutes , he had formed a fearful resolution , and bound himself to its fulfilment by a solemn oath . ” ” continued morrel , “ in these days no one can disappear by violent means without some inquiries	75.53923797607422
being made as to the cause of her disappearance , even were she not a young , beautiful , and adorable creature like valentine . joking yourself now . the count was the topic of conversation throughout paris for the next fortnight . ” this ? ” ” the ring , but upon one condition . ” friends reminded him that he had a visit to pay , but at the same time bade him observe that there was yet time to retract . mad ; and you know the axiom , <unk> bis in <unk> . ferryboat had floated away , carried down by the stream , and the shrieks of those whom it contained resounded more and more . queen i forbid you to throw yourself	87.32176208496094
into any peril which is foreign to that of your journey . ” madame de chevreuse , “ i believe you are a sorcerer ; i am prepared for anything . anonymous letter written ? ” the use of pens , ink , and paper ? ” of the minister ’ s box opened , and madame danglars , accompanied by her daughter , entered , escorted by lucien debray , who assiduously conducted them to their seats . and never stirred , ” said mordaunt . our child ! the count . , doubtless , advancing in years , but she enjoyed excellent <unk> ” morrel began again to breathe freely , which he had not done during the last ten minutes . tréville had served him	62.43783950805664
so faithfully in his wars against the league that in default of <unk> thing to which the béarnais was accustomed all his life , and who constantly paid his debts with that of which he never stood in need of <unk> , that is to say , with ready <unk> default of money , we repeat , he authorized him , after the <unk> of paris , to assume for his arms a golden lion <unk> upon gules , with the motto <unk> et <unk> . just as i jumped the deck burst with a noise like the <unk> of a <unk> . beware . she had experienced so many and such various emotions that if her frame of iron was still capable of supporting fatigue , her	157.22970581054688
mind required repose . am , gentlemen ; sit down at the table and let us drink . , cuirasses , and <unk> , and it was plain that as soon as his gout was better monsieur de bouillon would give a pretty <unk> to the enemies of the parliament to unravel . came down again , holding in his hand the small shagreen case , which he opened , to assure himself it contained the diamond , <unk> to hesitate as to which pocket he should put it in , then , as if dissatisfied with the security of either pocket , he deposited it in his red handkerchief , which he carefully rolled round his head . to us , to four men who compelled such	70.48216247558594
a man as richelieu to act as we pleased ? each other . ” giants , and sheep for armies ; d ’ artagnan took every smile for an insult , and every look as a <unk> it resulted that from tarbes to meung his fist was constantly doubled , or his hand on the hilt of his sword ; and yet the fist did not descend upon any jaw , nor did the sword issue from its scabbard . ” said franz ; “ things go wonderfully . ; what i am about to ask will not compromise you in any degree . ” him she seized his hand ; her own hands were moist and icy cold . caring little , as he said , for	105.09651184082031
the beauties of the eternal city , ordered post-horses at noon . as he had bought the daughter of ali pasha ; and , knowing everything , he had advised danglars to write to yanina . back . trembled in every limb . much already , drunkard , ” said danglars ; “ and if you continue , you will be compelled to sleep here , because unable to stand on your legs . ” and by the faith of a gentleman , i bought it with the contents of my own purse , ” answered he whom they designated by the name porthos . for her where she is not to be found . ” not here . expression ? ” you , as faithfully as you	62.296607971191406
have promised me that this horrible marriage shall not take place , and that if you are dragged before a magistrate or a priest , you will refuse . ” , my friend , ” said mazarin , gazing at the musketeer with admiration . ” said aramis . put the pistols in the holsters . brought into contact with his father , something terrible had happened . d ’ artagnan , “ they ’ re coming toward us . ” danglars , “ not entirely so ; with the servants , —you understand . ” , when a certain degree of vigor and intelligence is employed ; as for myself , brought up in the mountains , i had a double motive for fearing the gendarmes and	43.89206314086914
custom-house officers , as my appearance before the judges would cause an inquiry , and an inquiry always looks back into the past . his pocket <unk> , and was carried up to the red moustache , which it played with for some time . everything on myself . horse and set off at full gallop , <unk> the fresh air in his triumph and shouting out , with an expression of face which it would be impossible to describe : ” he exclaimed , “ such a misfortune has happened ! ” letter , touched his hat with his hand , turned round upon his heel like a <unk> , and a moment afterward was heard , in his dry and monotonous tone , commanding “ four	67.12386322021484
men and an escort , a carriage and a <unk> ” five minutes afterward the wheels of the carriage and the horses ’ shoes were heard <unk> on the pavement of the courtyard . me ? ” , the young man began to laugh aloud , looking round carefully , however , to see that his solitary laugh , without a cause in the eyes of passers-by , offended no one . enter upon the more difficult part of the business , you must assist me by the most minute information on every point . ” suffered long is like the dew on the ground after a long drought ; both the heart and the ground absorb that beneficent moisture falling on them , and nothing is outwardly	93.00367736816406
apparent . . recurred to his proposed interview with the queen . in your power . ” carriage was waiting at the end of the via macello . inquired the young man , much alarmed . cover him with honey ; then , opening a feather bed , he had rolled in it and had thus become the most grotesque fowl it is possible to imagine . it signify to you if the castle of yanina was given up by a french officer ? ” of jean <unk> in the time of henry iv . ” a guard of twenty men armed with long guns and pistols , and dressed in the costume which the greeks have assumed since they have again become a nation . years old	78.71286010742188
? ” <unk> , disappeared in the darkness and took the road to paris . the evening visit was over , but he was afraid that the governor would change his mind , and order the dead body to be removed earlier . in war , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ why should it not be the custom in a duel ? ” , ” said porthos ; “ she is simply a duchess . ” milady , embarrassed , “ why , by the title of friend . ” ! ” cried the procurator ’ s wife . tearful eyes towards monte cristo as she said with touching earnestness , “ whether <unk> return to the east , you mean to say , my lord	28.752893447875977
, do you not ? ” me so without fearing to make me die of joy ? , but wait at rueil , for my conviction is that they are at rueil . ” asked d ’ artagnan , who did not at all comprehend the hilarity of his friend . not give way to this <unk> ; you will be drowned if you seek to escape , and your strength has not been properly exercised and prepared for exertion . ” ruined my brother , a priest . mob have even suggested throwing up barricades in the rue saint denis and the rue saint antoine ? ” ere you would find so <unk> a post as that you have now the good fortune to fill . ,	66.00350189208984
then , to go into the chamber of monsieur d ’ artagnan , your neighbor , with whom you had a long conference during the day ? ” the son of a great lord ? ” . ” , there might be some hopes ; but unfortunately , those were all good pieces . ” expressive , <unk> all that was meant , and no more ; no <unk> , no embroidery , no <unk> . the sheets in which she was lying , and mistress as she was of herself , could not help uttering a cry , seizing the hand of the novice , and devouring her with looks . too pure to suppose that any female could be guilty of such perfidy ; besides ,	48.5128173828125
the name of the comtesse de winter , which she had heard the abbess pronounce , was wholly unknown to her , and she was even ignorant that a woman had had so great and so fatal a share in the misfortune of her life . monte cristo , “ here are 200,000 francs gone <unk> ” monsieur athos was that day , when he said to his adversary : ‘ you have insisted on knowing my name , sir ; so much the worse for you , since i shall be obliged to kill you. ’ i was near him , those were his exact words , when he stabbed his foe as he said he would , and his adversary fell without saying , ‘ oh	65.09200286865234
! ’ ’ tis a noble <unk> athos . ” in sight of the bare spot of ground which extended along the foot of the <unk> , athos had been waiting about five minutes , and twelve o ’ clock was striking . everybody . , she turned round , and called out , in a warning tone , to her husband , “ gaspard , consider well what you are about to do ! ” kill him ? ” the cardinal is as well posted as yourself , and knows that i have been to london ? ” eminence ’ s orders . ” said . muttered , “ the doubt i felt was but the commencement of forgetfulness ; but here the wound <unk> , and	44.335731506347656
the heart again <unk> for vengeance . coolness of his nation , addressed him in terms nearly similar to those with which he had accosted the mayor of marseilles . this ; he had turned round to play with milady ’ s favorite monkey , which had pulled him by the doublet . meant , and when i had told her all , — ‘ giovanni , ’ said she , ‘ you should have brought this child with you ; we would have replaced the parents it has lost , have called it benedetto , and then , in consequence of this good action , god would have blessed us. ’ in reply i gave her the half of the linen i had kept in order to	102.2397232055664
reclaim him if we became rich . ” , or i shall have you put out . ’ house ; the drawing-room was lighted up—they went in there . deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness . ” ” said he ; “ she has spoken to them . you to excuse me , m. morrel . an opening in another direction from that which has so unfortunately failed ? ” seen the enemy extend itself between myself and scotland ; and i can almost say that with my own ears i have heard the <unk> of the treaty debated . ” would do me good . ” the corsican <unk> . ’ cavalcanti to himself , “ if i only had that britzka , those	94.97594451904297
two good post-horses , and above all the passport that carries them on ! ” and he sighed deeply . shall i repeat to you some of my verses ? ” footsteps and the murmur of their voices soon died away . will find the means of taking me from paris , a man i have too long <unk> ” then falling into a reverie , she added , however , with an expression of joy , “ ungrateful woman that i am , for twenty years i have forgotten this man , whom i ought to have made a marechal of france . that i am prepared for anything . ” of me , rochefort ? ” , a valet entered ; he composed , with a	53.163673400878906
little groom named john , and who only spoke english , all albert ’ s establishment , although the cook of the hotel was always at his service , and on great occasions the count ’ s <unk> also . , lame <unk> . ” andrea , “ you are <unk> upon me ? ” for information , which common politeness will not permit me to refuse . ” summit of our wishes , success has usually the power to drive away sleep on the first night after the fulfilment of long cherished hopes . not a bravo ! broke upon me , full of chaste terrors . years ’ wages ? a butcher , or the son of a <unk> matters <unk> harrison . , your excellency	99.93722534179688
. ” will you get me out of paris ? ” or giving any other intimation of his presence , as if he had been a friend or the master of the place . aware of the conversation that passed , the wooden partition which interposed between us and you has proved but a slight security . ” you were saying , beauchamp . ” ; and what am i to do with this young gentleman ? ” circle geometrical lines , and seemed as much absorbed in his problem as archimedes was when the soldier of <unk> slew him . the count , taking her two hands in his , “ all that you could say in words would never express what i read in your eyes	67.90188598632812
; the thoughts of your heart are fully understood by mine . , athos ? ” a time when i little thought i should ever be able to accomplish it , ” said the unknown with a singular smile ; “ and i made some others also which i hope i may fulfil in due season . ” like , but we will not . ” the lamp before the merry face of porthos , who now began to comprehend the affair and be very proud of the whole undertaking . it , you will be happy . ” of me , cunning rogue ! ” thought gondy . , my lord . or are you , his mistress ? ” , the trademark owner , and any	55.231040954589844
distributor under this agreement will not be liable to you for actual , direct , indirect , consequential , punitive or incidental damages even if you give notice of the possibility of such damage . not find her majesty ungrateful . ” a hundred times in the same room with the queen since he had become lieutenant of the musketeers , but her majesty had never once spoken to him . ” said villefort , “ you forget that i was obliged to give a mother to my child . ” julie , pressing the purse to her heart , “ no , no , i beseech you do not take it , for some unhappy day you will leave us , will you not ? ” .	43.65827941894531
be <unk> at least . , for grimaud had stayed behind to take care of mousqueton . ” answered caderousse ; “ and remorse preys on me night and day . not adopt this means , athos ? ” said d ’ artagnan . now to take a rest . be observing her return , she walked slowly ; and instead of immediately directing her steps towards the gate , she seated herself on a bench , and , carefully casting her eyes around , to convince herself that she was not watched , she presently arose , and proceeded quickly to join maximilian . , ” he replied . my leave of absence , ” continued maximilian ; “ and i shall be , together with my	50.562835693359375
brother-in-law emmanuel , at the disposition of the count , whenever he thinks fit to honor us . ” long time ; all three have left the service . ” gaining his <unk> search him on the spot , or to carry him away , making a <unk> of his body , and search him in the trench . . ” a stranger , a foreigner , for news . ” athos had made a breach in order to get out , and which were composed of fagots , planks , and empty casks , heaped up according to all the rules of the strategic art , they found , swimming in <unk> of oil and wine , the bones and fragments of all the hams they had	72.59326171875
eaten ; while a heap of broken bottles filled the whole left-hand corner of the cellar , and a tun , the cock of which was left running , was yielding , by this means , the last drop of its blood . is beating . the two friends . they heard the noise of a carriage which stopped at the gate . ” only out of curiosity . ” my <unk> . ” yet a musketeer , ” said he to his new friends , as he passed through the gateway of m. de tréville ’ s hôtel , “ at least i have entered upon my apprenticeship , haven ’ t i ? ” of this frightful creature still live ? ” said aramis . had	42.23621368408203
placed on the stand , touched a spring , and immediately a pale light , just bright enough to render objects distinct , was reflected on his hands and countenance . the day after tomorrow , ” thought the young man . , cashmere <unk> , valenciennes lace , english <unk> , and in fact all the tempting things , the bare mention of which makes the hearts of young girls bound with joy , and which is called the <unk> now , in passing through this room , andrea proved himself not only to be clever and intelligent , but also provident , for he helped himself to the most valuable of the ornaments before him . dance around the venerable st. chrysostom , <unk> about famously	121.1999282836914
the sheets of the thesis , which had fallen on the floor . asked the countess , as though awakening from a sleep to the realities of life ; “ did you say a misfortune ? known the prince , whilst raoul now saw him for the first time . the cardinal ? ” whole of the property , surmounted at intervals by vases filled with flowers , and broken in the centre by a large gate of gilded iron , which served as the carriage entrance . my lord , and we—we will reflect . ” madame ’ s <unk> the carriage ready at one o ’ clock . ” replied la ramee , “ i think if it depended on the cardinal your wishes would be	60.187923431396484
fulfilled . ” back and is going to commit some fresh folly or another . ” cautious by these words , entered the apartment , where he found mazarin sitting at the table , dressed in his ordinary garb and as one of the <unk> of the church , his costume being similar to that of the abbés in that day , excepting that his scarf and stockings were violet . the count seized his arm , and held him before the window . you want to purchase my english horse , ” said debray , “ you think he will bear the cold better . ” then , come ! ” cried she , hastening away with the young man . discover her other name . ”	54.26696014404297
. not for me ? his audacity , perfectly stupefied me . ground and departed . , then , did she die ? ” asked debray . to this marriage as a means of <unk> her of a guardianship which , over a girl of eugénie ’ s character , could not fail to be rather a troublesome undertaking ; for in the <unk> relations which maintain the bond of family union , the mother , to maintain her ascendancy over her daughter , must never fail to be a model of wisdom and a type of perfection . lower and back room , to which athos was requested to go . monte cristo , “ i make three <unk> in <unk> , second-rate , and third-rate fortunes	81.43464660644531
. bertuccio ; you will supply the want of the evening papers . ” it does not ; i am <unk> only stigma that proves me to be a churchman . ? ” ox beneath the <unk> . andrea , commanding silence by his voice and manner ; “ i owe you the proofs and explanations of what i have said . ” old friend . ” cried , ‘ on , d ’ artagnan , on , i am taken ’ ? poor lubin , the lackey of the comte de <unk> whom you took such good care of a month ago at calais , on the road to the governor ’ s country house ! ” keep your promise of introducing me to the fair subject	59.26875686645508
of our remarks ? ” artagnan , she said : travels rapidly , and when at tréport , i felt the electric shock ; you have either been working for me or thinking of me . ” moment in which d ’ artagnan fixed his eyes upon the gentleman in the violet doublet , the gentleman made one of his most knowing and profound remarks respecting the béarnese pony , his two auditors laughed even louder than before , and he himself , though contrary to his custom , allowed a pale smile ( if i may be allowed to use such an expression ) to stray over his countenance . and beating the atmosphere with its mighty wings ; from time to time a flash of lightning	115.31832885742188
stretched across the heavens like a fiery serpent , lighting up the clouds that rolled on in vast <unk> waves . looked upon athos as an achilles , porthos as an ajax , and aramis as a joseph . , reserved for me , ” said monte cristo coldly , “ to be the first to do so . ” ” cried he , as soon as he perceived the horsemen . grimaud , beginning a fresh sum . sure , ” replied château-renaud ; “ the lovely venetian , is it not ? ” hours , as well to breathe their horses a little as to wait for porthos . ” replied the count , “ did you not hear her declare that we were friends ?	42.624046325683594
” her by name ! ” exclaimed albert ; “ she is said to possess as much wit and <unk> as beauty . ’ s all that i can say about them ; from time to time i hear of them indirectly , but in what part of the world they are , devil take me if i know , no , on my honor , i have not a friend in the world but you , rochefort . ” athos , to that proposition ? ” ejaculated athos . ’ artagnan was soon perfected . woman who had already recovered all her advantages . i ate but little . italian masks at the palais royal , from harlequin even to pantaloon . ” , ” said the	61.42631912231445
gentleman ; “ i have traveled sixty leagues in forty hours , and by tomorrow at midday i must be in london . ” in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties . who sent me a hundred francs by his valet-de-chambre . ” , most capital , ” responded porthos . left side of the portico , two men presented themselves at the <unk> ; the one was ali , who , smiling with an expression of the most sincere joy , seemed amply repaid by a mere look from monte cristo . mercédès , “ i have but one word more to say to you . ” , ” exclaimed the wife ; “ for you have become pale in your turn .	40.09754943847656
” of elba , is too near france , and his proximity keeps up the hopes of his partisans . m. de villefort , so harshly that the child started up from the floor , “ do you hear me ? —go ! ” , and went down the corso , crossed the campo vaccino , went up the <unk> san <unk> , and reached the gates of st. sebastian . i have all my pay to <unk> three months ’ wages . ” ” of certain <unk> and fears he may be <unk> ” and the musketeer narrated to his friend planchet ’ s adventure . us , who are your children , against the will of my father ? ” as true a thing as it	59.30061340332031
is that a heart beats in this <unk> heart devoted to <unk> that you have been the idol of our lives ; that we have , as you well <unk> heaven ! <unk> our lives twenty times for your majesty . me strength ; but now all is lost . ” was a noble gentleman , ” said planchet , “ was he not ? the monk . placed at the end of a road on a hillock , and in the light of the sun its black arms , bending in every direction , always reminded me of the claws of an immense <unk> , and i assure you it was never without emotion that i gazed on it , for i could not help thinking how	68.51431274414062
wonderful it was that these various signs should be made to cleave the air with such precision as to convey to the distance of three hundred leagues the ideas and wishes of a man sitting at a table at one end of the line to another man similarly placed at the opposite extremity , and all this effected by a simple act of volition on the part of the <unk> of the message . cried she , “ what has happened ? from this position . ” have deprived villefort of his office had it not been for noirtier , who was all powerful at court , and thus the girondin of ’ 93 and the senator of <unk> protected him who so lately had been his protector	99.7381820678711
. eminence to the chances of war . ” twenty-five years . ” not love me ! ” cried kitty , “ and i am very wretched . ” leave of him , said something in a low voice , to which he answered , “ willingly , count ; i <unk> ” the count returned to young morcerf . being a count . of softening the heart of a mother who loves her child . i had succeeded in recalling the <unk> to life , was to restore it to its mother ; but , in order to do so , i must have made close and careful inquiry , which would , in all probability , have led to my own apprehension ; and i clung	47.51799774169922
to life , partly on my sister ’ s account , and partly from that feeling of pride <unk> in our hearts of desiring to come off untouched and victorious in the execution of our vengeance . them sleep on , if they are asleep ; let them grow pale in their drowsiness , if they are disposed to do so , and pray do you remain in peace , who have no remorse to disturb you . ” last struggle . his place , gun in hand . to make me captain of the _pharaon_ ? ” remain always alone in this vast and dismal chamber ? ” asked milady . remained convinced that d ’ artagnan had seen and heard everything ; but he was pleased	75.0779037475586
with his falsehood . mousqueton , “ the man you upset is getting up . ” not help it . been so long restrained from a feeling of respect to the court of justice , now burst forth like thunder from the <unk> of all present ; the court itself did not seek to restrain the feelings of the audience . map ? ” groan ; he could not believe in such a miracle . and yet he felt <unk> in the midst of the <unk> of the elements and the dazzling brightness of the lightning . artagnan ’ s face ; he frowned and his cheeks were colored . honor of associating with ordinary men , and the pleasure of leaving politics for a moment , try	53.71061325073242
to find your affectionate heart , which you leave with your stick when you go to the chamber . ” ’ artagnan , you are the best one among us ; i bless and love you , my dear son . ” they are not there , though the bastile is especially for the frondeurs . the queen took out of prison . ” at the <unk> of the poison , should , as monte cristo intimated , have recourse to steel ! —what if the count should have no time to run to her rescue ! —what if her last moments were approaching , and she should never again see morrel ! ! morrel ’ s appointment was . strong as you are , you could not	65.21723937988281
kill them all . ” it is quite laughable . ” why i should delay you . that handkerchief signify ? ” ” gutenberg™ electronic works , and the medium on which they may be stored , may contain “ defects , ” such as , but not limited to , incomplete , inaccurate or corrupt data , transcription errors , a copyright or other intellectual property infringement , a defective or damaged disk or other medium , a computer virus , or computer codes that damage or can not be read by your equipment . smile arose , and , making a low bow to m. danglars , said : led a happy life , spending both income and principal . a poor widow and a royal	69.92916107177734
orphan who wept in the corner of the louvre , no one appeared to be aware that charles i. had ever lived and that he had perished on the scaffold . just picked up . occur to you , dear edmond , ” she continued with the same calmness which proved to fernand that the young girl had read the very innermost depths of his sinister thought , “ if misfortune should occur to you , i would ascend the highest point of the cape de morgiou and cast myself headlong from it . ” perfectly clear , and his body refreshed ; he was free from the slightest headache ; on the contrary , he felt a certain degree of lightness , a faculty for <unk> the	71.74112701416016
pure air , and enjoying the bright sunshine more vividly than ever . madame , to listen to me , ” said danglars . horse back again , ” said the englishman . you better by this time ; but we are all possessed of a malignant spirit , which bids us doubt . ” smile on his lips , and murmuring that last word of human philosophy , “ perhaps ! ” ” cried planchet , as soon as he perceived his master , “ here is more trouble . to leave no traces of his feet in the ashes , but still it was an outlet , and in this light was not to be passed over without serious investigation . million in advance with him	54.73338317871094
, and now my fine jacopo manfredi <unk> payment ! ” some giant had <unk> them with blows from a hatchet . each other . said the traveller , ‘ take these two venetian sequins and give them to your bride , to make herself a pair of earrings . ’ villefort , “ do you mean to say that valentine is not interested in your will ? ” the young man . ” , the painful sensation became most intense ; if , on the contrary , he appeared , his noble countenance , his brilliant eyes , his amiability , his polite attention even towards madame danglars , soon dispelled every impression of fear . to a life which you once , mercédès , had the	80.23353576660156
power to render <unk> ; not one hour of peaceful calm was mine ; but i felt myself driven on like an exterminating angel . are you ? & french ; at least , so my cashier tells me . ” that yesterday i would not take the two hundred francs . ” an expression of smiling tenderness , such as franz had never before witnessed in them ; his black eyes especially were full of kindness and pity . peppino of his friend . to be of any service to her . while among queens . for you , my friend , ” replied the count . his eyes on his <unk> horace , muttered : as we have loaded guns . , ” said athos ,	69.31404113769531
“ let us leave this chamber ; the dead are not agreeable company , particularly when they have died a violent death . ” , ” said athos . . for a repetition ; she ran to her husband , who immediately hastened to his agent , and ordered him to sell at any price . such a brave soldier , whose career was so <unk> ” the duke and the scream of patrick , the man whom felton had met in the antechamber rushed into the chamber . , ” and he gave him a pen . the general , as if branded with a hot iron , “ wretch , —to reproach me with my shame when about , perhaps , to kill me ! for	54.6739616394043
an instant locked in each other ’ s arms ; then athos , looking into his friend ’ s face and taking him by both hands , said : thought it better not to notice him , as he looked so angry and discomposed . <unk> away ; franz took out his <unk> was half-past four . to help her out of this painful situation ? . ” would , perhaps , have done the same ; but they all understood what carlini had done . ? ” madeleine : , “ will you apprise the count of monte cristo that m. de morcerf is arrived , and we are at his disposal ? ” it was an <unk> of four <unk> inhabitants of yanina , proving that	61.96733856201172
colonel fernand mondego , in the service of ali tepelini , had surrendered the castle for two million crowns . me into trouble , sir ? ” asked dantès ; “ for i did not even know of what i was the bearer ; and the emperor merely made such inquiries as he would of the first comer . the count fixed his eyes on morrel , and remarked that the words , “ i shall have left this country , ” had failed to rouse him from his lethargy . new-comers , their eyes glanced from father to son , and then , naturally enough , rested on the latter , whom they began <unk> . to choose quickly , for we have not an instant to	60.080509185791016
lose . ” ’ s , where , as i expected , i found beauchamp and château-renaud . woman , ” said athos , coldly and sternly . do not compel me to <unk> that noble and pure image reflected incessantly on the mirror of my heart . clear , as it generally is at that early hour of the morning . brought mine with me , ” replied albert . and thinking , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ but of what ? affectionately to me , benedetto , my old friend , that is not <unk> care , or i may become troublesome . ” ’ s horse refused to go on ; he could not breathe ; one last spur , instead of making	54.16028594970703
him advance , made him fall . you have used toward me . besides , if they forget , i shall take the liberty of reminding them . ” ” he said , “ that when you entered i was on the point of signing five little bonds ; i have already signed two : will you allow me to do the same to the others ? ” ? ” asked the comte . it will be , how grand , how solemn , that day of complete restoration , on which you will say in this very office , ‘ my father died because he could not do what i have this day done ; but he died calmly and peaceably , because in dying he knew	70.95458984375
what i should do . ’ ” seen the glistening muskets of half a dozen soldiers . worth while ? ” said villefort . asked athos . d ’ artagnan to see what effect all this produced , and found his friend gaping enough to split his jaws . the musketeer , in irreproachable costume , <unk> as usual , with a tolerably firm step , entered the cabinet . the <unk> civility of d ’ artagnan , smiled like a man who understands perfectly the reasons given him , and said : i do not presume to call myself your friend , but at all times i am your most respectful servant. ” the countess left with an indescribable pang in her heart , and before she	69.664306640625
had taken ten steps the count saw her raise her handkerchief to her eyes . of milady ’ s bastards ! ” its victims to be seen with their limbs distorted and their flesh lacerated by torture , so madness is always concealed in its cell , from whence , should it depart , it is conveyed to some gloomy hospital , where the doctor has no thought for man or mind in the mutilated being the jailer <unk> to him . pass in review all the people , one after the other , and stopping when he came to milady , surveyed her very closely , but without addressing a single word to her . get a better . ” wine to <unk> . ” peppino .	81.3078842163086
friend , to table . a plate of pewter ; upon this plate was written with the point of a large pin : “ rueil ... <unk> ” he , “ you have a sacred duty to fulfil in your deceased grandmother ’ s room , will you allow me the honor of a few minutes ’ conversation with m. noirtier ? ” ” cried the countess ; “ you must not leave me . assassination , ” said de guiche . you ? ” strong ; i believe i am courageous , and since yesterday i have learned the power of will . lifting her transparent hands to heaven , exclaimed in a voice stifled with tears , “ then you leave me , my lord ?	50.040740966796875
” ” said d ’ artagnan to himself , “ i believe he has become more gascon than i am ! ” then aloud : “ well , my dear aramis , do you ask me why i came to seek you ? ” physician , —m . thank you , my good friends , both in my own name and the queen ’ s . ” and curious glance round this <unk> ; it was the first time he had ever seen mademoiselle d ’ armilly , of whom he had heard much . man ! ” cried the jesuit . ; but as regards myself , i can find no merit i possess , save that , as a millionaire , i might have become a	27.131803512573242
partner in the speculations of m. <unk> and m. rothschild ; but as my motive in travelling to your capital would not have been for the pleasure of <unk> in stocks , i stayed away till some favorable chance should present itself of carrying my wish into execution . ” joining them is not very attractive to me , i confess . said villefort , in answer to his wife , “ you know i have never been accustomed to play the <unk> in my family , nor have i ever considered that the fate of a universe was to be decided by my nod . ” asked d ’ artagnan . justice here , and it is for justice to avenge those she has been unable to	66.1888198852539
protect . ’ ! is cast among fools , it is necessary to study folly . his purpose . good fortune , ” said franz , as he returned the letter . nor your friends , and i don ’ t think you could gather all that dust that i saw planchet brush off your boots yesterday from the pavement of paris . ” assembled , gentlemen , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ permit me to offer you my apologies . ” be obliged to go to the <unk> besides ” ( albert looked at his tablets ) , “ it is the hour i told the count , 21st may , at half past ten ; and though i do not much rely upon his	62.99909210205078
promise , i wish to be punctual . ! ” dantès , staggered at the enormous amount . , come to this in time , ” observed monte cristo ; “ you know that human <unk> march from the <unk> to the simple , and simplicity is always perfection . ” villefort found himself facing him , and the young magistrate ’ s first impulse was to pause . bell violently ; the housemaid who had been in mademoiselle valentine ’ s room , and the servant who had replaced barrois , ran in at the same moment . have seen a young man pass , fifteen years of age , mounted on a chestnut horse and followed by a groom ? ” , ” said porthos ,	48.207462310791016
“ i am recruiting myself . he might have nothing to reproach himself with , he directed his steps , for the last time , toward the residences of his three friends . d ’ herblay ? ” , i pray you . ” are speaking of business , ” danglars added , pleased to find an opportunity of changing the subject , “ tell me what i am to do for m. cavalcanti . ” ornamented with magnificent fruits , which <unk> at the beginning of july in the artificial <unk> which takes the place of the sun , so frequently absent in our climate . de la fère , milady de winter , ” said he , “ your crimes have wearied men on earth and	40.59450912475586
god in heaven . , do not forget , if any harm happens to me on your account , that i have a wife and four children . ” mme . a compact with you ; and in virtue of that compact put to flight the police who had arrested your wife , and has placed her beyond reach . ” for your master. ’ i have no other master but you ; <unk> pretty little <unk> , my faith , is that <unk> ! _ ” wash my hands of the affair . ” , rich as a gold mine , one of the noblest families in tuscany , who , when his sons married according to his wish , gave them millions ; and when they	81.97560119628906
married against his consent , merely allowed them thirty crowns a month . said mazarin , “ is not that you go with a great following ; my plans require secrecy , and would be <unk> by a too extravagant equipment . ” remembered the languishing glances of kitty , her constantly meeting him in the antechamber , the corridor , or on the stairs , those touches of the hand every time she met him , and her deep sighs ; but absorbed by his desire to please the great lady , he had disdained the _soubrette_ . you on the point , and have had some dishes prepared expressly . ” pretense be admitted into france as an ambassador ; he wished to enter it as	119.95738220214844
a conqueror . devoted lover desire ? ” then he murmured the words of the english poet , “ ‘ <unk> , thy name is woman . ’ ” cheerful . they might be said to be of coral . where i live , ” said kitty , “ provided i am well concealed , and nobody knows where i am . ” , love mercédès ? ” probable that this englishman may be someone who , grateful for a kindness your father had shown him , and which he himself had forgotten , has taken this method of <unk> the obligation ? ” all the guests , “ you have not eaten for four-and-twenty hours ? ” story was set apart for maximilian ; it was precisely	86.66870880126953
similar to his sister ’ s apartments , except that for the <unk> he had a billiard-room , where he received his friends . ’ artagnan , who , thanks to his four trusses of straw , was in the act of making up and tasting , by anticipation , the luxury of a bed so soft , so well stuffed at the head , so well covered at the foot , that it would have excited the envy of the king himself , if his majesty had not been fast asleep in his own . his hand and in a hoarse voice cried , “ wait ! ” love him ? ” they told me it was 4,500 francs . said d ’ artagnan . over some	47.48247146606445
means of escape for his young companion , and anticipating the pleasure he would enjoy . sir ; i was not praying . ” and found his horse ready waiting for him . bathed in an infernal joy . a cloud passed over the brow of athos , a haughty smile curled the lip of porthos , and a negative sign was the reply of aramis . m. de tréville a long history about the queen . from the chamber of milady into that of the maid , and quick as lightning , he <unk> to the door , and placed all his weight against it , while kitty pushed the bolts . ” said the duke , “ his cellar and kitchen might easily excel those of	65.83499145507812
monsieur de chavigny . ” wife , i hope ! ” he said . almost instantaneously , but much better aimed than those of the aggressors ; three soldiers fell dead , and one of the pioneers was wounded . sent to the next stage , and in six hours all the horses stationed on the road were ready . in both hands and hear what this gentleman in black is going to say about his sovereign , with full license and privilege . ” their sergeant stop , stopped in their turn , and so on to the very last . grandier wasn ’ t a sorcerer , he was a learned man . , ’ said luigi . a fine country , ” said haydée ,	78.19876861572266
“ but i see france as it really is , because i look on it with the eyes of a woman ; whereas my own country , which i can only judge of from the impression produced on my childish mind , always seems enveloped in a vague atmosphere , which is luminous or otherwise , according as my remembrances of it are sad or joyous . ” while others formed parties and plans to annoy the pages and guards of the cardinal <unk> things which appeared to d ’ artagnan monstrous impossibilities . to have too high a sense of her duty , sire . ” in a moment relinquish the respect , the confidence , and pride with which a father ’ s untarnished name inspires	174.29037475585938
a son . a brother ? ” said felton . , foaming at his mouth , and his fist extended , mordaunt had advanced one more step , a threatening , terrible step , toward de winter . to me , for i wish to announce to monsieur le comte that my master , one of his friends , is here , and wishes to greet him . ” , who had just left m. de <unk> intend sending him away tomorrow , for he eats so enormously , to make up for the fast imposed upon him by his terror in that house . , ” she said . out of the fort , gained the field of battle , picked up the four muskets of the	60.98815155029297
<unk> and the <unk> of the brigadier , and convinced that the fugitives would not stop till they reached the city , turned again toward the bastion , bearing with them the trophies of their victory . yourself in that glass ; you have turned pale and then red successively , three or four times in one minute . ” . ” pompous address , uttered with a degree of energy that left the baron almost out of breath , he bowed to the assembled party and withdrew to his drawing-room , whose sumptuous furnishings of white and gold had caused a great sensation in the chaussée d ’ antin . or federal tax <unk> number is <unk> . along . ” masquerade costumes of blue and white	84.65570068359375
satin . baker to view , —marseilles , white , <unk> , full of life and energy , —marseilles , the younger sister of <unk> and <unk> , the successor to them in the empire of the mediterranean , —marseilles , old , yet always young . , ” said d ’ artagnan to his servant , “ that they wished no harm to us . ” the adjoining room ; monte cristo dropped a very small portion of the red liquid upon her lips ; she returned to consciousness . saved one of us from <unk> angel came from heaven , if not to make us friends ( which , alas , fatality renders impossible ) , at least to make us esteem each other . ”	79.91951751708984
his penitents passed , and as she was young and pretty aramis took off his cap to her with his most gracious smile . ; do me the favor to accompany me and i will conduct you to <unk> . ” the king ? ” and the cardinal pronounced these words with a singular expression of contempt . rapiers clashed , when a company of the guards of his eminence , commanded by m. de jussac , turned the corner of the convent . for a short time among her flowers , but without gathering them . presents <unk> if they should <unk> ” one did ? ” is ignorant that these orders come from the king . ” not reply ? ” resumed mazarin . was about	52.25489807128906
to speak . into the britzka , which was admirably arranged for sleeping in , without scarcely touching the step . monte cristo had endeavored completely to overturn the parisian ideas , and to feed the curiosity as much as the appetite of his guests . regiment came up and they fell upon the few men who had held out , surrounding the two frenchmen . . a man of about fifty . ” it that andrea well knew that he was examining to see if all the <unk> were perfect . mordaunt , “ it might have been some personal enemy of the king , who had made a vow of vengeance and accomplished it in this way . , and seizing handfuls of confetti and sweetmeats	71.2517318725586
, with which the carriage was filled , cast them with all the force and skill he was master of . danglars , the <unk> , and therefore the most guilty ? ” a painful task on me . , —a hundred and eighty leagues ! ” persons ’ dinners ; you ministers give such splendid ones . ” conscription , fernand , and are only at liberty on <unk> , liable at any moment to be called upon to take up arms . ” cried athos . queen ? ” said mazarin , looking fixedly at d ’ artagnan . the musketeer . to his side some twenty of his musketeers , and pointing to the bench where his enemies were : “ fire on that bench	69.94620513916016
! ” he cried . clothes was unanimously adopted . on the contrary , be seated ; but what is the matter with you ? villefort , looking at his father with astonishment , “ you really do seem very well informed . ” , in which he placed his naked feet , and then conducted him down the stairs . porthos , “ we have mousqueton , but since he has been steward , he has become very heavy ; never mind , let us call him , and to make sure that he will reply <unk> is telling you , countess ; so far from the sensation excited in the parisian circles by the appearance of the count of monte cristo having abated , i take	50.677005767822266
upon myself to declare that it is as strong as ever . the duke , “ will you not accept any money from me ? ” had most to do with was some minutes before he could speak , so i took advantage of his silence to walk off . ” it , ” returned the count ; “ but why are you thus agitated . declaration that valentine was not the destined <unk> of his fortune had excited the hopes of madame de villefort ; she gradually approached the invalid , and said : sacrifice ? ” your death ? raoul ? ” said athos , pressing his hand . than to comply with your excellency ’ s wish , ” said the landlord , opening the	41.13287353515625
door of the chamber ; “ i have caused one to be placed on the landing , close by your apartment . ” of extreme kindness and benevolence the thanks which morrel lavished on him for his timely intervention on behalf of valentine and <unk> intervention which had saved them from despair . grand to promise anything ; he <unk> only to do all that he could to increase the glory of his name . the arm , and led him into the antechamber , where he found his two guards . strips of cloth upon which the abbé faria had spread the riches of his mind . athos . ” , and relieve the sentinel , ” continued felton . of m. de tréville six days instead	85.09310913085938
of four , and introduced into these six days two more <unk> they set out on the twenty-fourth at five o ’ clock in the evening , and as a further kindness m. de tréville <unk> the leave to the morning of the twenty-fifth . ” towards him without answering , and monte cristo turned away to conceal the expression of pity which passed over his features , but which was gone in a moment . de villefort ’ s , and lawyers always give you very bad dinners . the little bell sounded . only it seems to me that your majesty goes too far in engaging to load us with a friendship so far above our merit . see , have remained poor , wretched ,	67.18031311035156
and forgotten . ” prisoner was henceforth to eat nothing that had not previously been tasted , and la ramee was in consequence placed near him as <unk> . ” exclaimed the queen , “ the friend of my husband . , the king ’ s <unk> , consisting of preserves and other <unk> , was prepared in the little room on the side of the church of st. jean , in front of the silver buffet of the city , which was guarded by four archers . sir ? ” ” said athos . ; i will relate to her the details of the disappearance of this poor woman , of which she is no doubt ignorant . . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan .	35.53548812866211
inspector . ? ” said the major . say ? ” , but nodded his head , and took up the portfolio . left , accompanied only by baptistin . his carriage and returned home . , ” said porthos . ; but as if they likewise mistrusted each other , they kept their respective distances . ’ clock in the morning and the coadjutor returned home . eminence ’ s instructions to the letter . since she has left paris , and you are sure of it , d ’ artagnan , nothing prevents me , and i am ready to follow you . was placed against the wall ; i took it , and advanced towards the thicket . the hedge , after having cast a	31.4832820892334
glance behind it . found morrel seated at a table , turning over the formidable columns of his ledger , which contained the list of his liabilities . , ” said de blacas , biting his nails with impatience . however , to comprehend , ” said porthos . door was not <unk> is much confidence among <unk> . he has had to prepare lint of him . ” i hear from her majesty the queen of england ? thought that there was an englishman in all england who would have required so long an explanation to make him understand of whom i was speaking . ” , the count turned around and burying his head in his cloak murmured the name of a woman . my friend	58.09230422973633
, ” interrupted the marquise , “ do not neglect your duty to <unk> with us . love , intoxicated with joy . ride him a little every day , and that will accustom you to his maneuvers . ” find in it that is worthy of blame ? ” asked aramis , haughtily . were set at work in all directions , and almost immediately the authorities in every district had exerted their utmost endeavors to arrest the murderer of caderousse . of hunger rather than part with these precious pledges ; but now that this ornament may be useful to him or his <unk> , everything must be sacrificed . the bearer of the letter , is naturally the head of the enterprise ; let him	83.88699340820312
decide , and we will execute . ” , for it was taken from me with some others which i see in that packet . ” have come to borrow money , ” thought d ’ artagnan . it to two or three of her <unk> , that , yielding to his vocation , he had retired into a <unk> into which , nobody knew . ” said athos , “ you are joking . ” i offer you , and is it not an easy thing , since it is only to do thus ? among the spectators had so much affected one of the crowd that he did not await the arrival of the vessel in harbor , but jumping into a small skiff , desired	50.01608657836914
to be pulled alongside the _pharaon_ , which he reached as she rounded into la réserve basin . during the first act ? ” asked château-renaud . same , with a little more concern , however , for the noble creatures , whose merits he fully appreciated ; but he had the satisfaction of seeing three or four grooms run from the kitchens and the stables , and busy themselves with the steeds . new horse ; d ’ artagnan was on guard at the louvre ; aramis had been to visit one of his penitents in the neighborhood ; and athos , whose domicile was established in the rue guenegaud , found himself close at hand . between seven and eight hundred tradesmen had assembled in paris	71.87846374511719
to discuss a new tax which was to be levied on house property . post ? are not the king ; you are my uncle . ” , with the exception of his white tie , and his funeral appearance was only <unk> by the slight line of red ribbon which passed almost imperceptibly through his button-hole , and appeared like a streak of blood traced with a delicate brush . continued felton , becoming more excited as he spoke , “ my lord , beware ! as it may , the young man made a tunnel , how or by what means no one knows ; but he made it , and there is the evidence yet remaining of his work . incredible , ” said madame	83.63137817382812
danglars , “ that a person having at least half a million of <unk> money at his command , should possess so little information ? ” , monseigneur . ” as heaven <unk> rain . , my friend ; it is said that he is married to the queen . ” she said , with a ghastly smile , “ that i shall be inclined to reopen this coffer to answer any future accusations ? ” mournful silence , his heart overflowed , and he gave way to a flood of tears . ” said morrel with a sigh , “ we will not discuss the matter further . how a man may compromise himself when he does not know what he says , ” replied athos ,	45.07685470581055
shrugging his shoulders as if he thought himself an object of pity . ” said albert to beauchamp , “ it is plain that the affairs of spain are settled , for you are most desperately out of humor this morning . will summon my servants to throw you out at the door . ” , <unk> am called athos . ” . ” at the cemetery , i answered <unk> heart was softened ; when you arrived here , i allowed you to enter . foreseen , on finding the two men that awaited her , made no difficulty in following them . fortune to meet you , i beg you to receive them , and to hold me always as one of your friends . ”	52.8735466003418
? , rochefort would be back ; besides , during that fifteen days she would have time to think how she could best avenge herself on the four friends . monsieur de tréville , captain of the musketeers . ” handkerchief . company , and on leaving the faubourg st. antoine , mounted two horses properly equipped , which a servant without livery had waiting for them . man he exclaimed : me hope ? ” you think , porthos ; you know the proverb , ‘ all roads lead to rome . ’ ” one of the little windows of the hôtel de ville was thrown open , and the head of a gendarme appeared . to go , you are not angry in your heart ?	64.87262725830078
” exclaimed raoul , joyously . ” cried mazarin , fearing that should his prisoner ever leave his prison he would be the more exasperated against him if he thus <unk> his amusement . be delayed long enough for you to arrange your <unk> and <unk> affairs . ” monte cristo . ladies , he extended his hand to debray . . hand to him , and placing the other upon the knocker of a little door almost hidden in the wall . as it now is ? ” ! ” said emmanuel , thinking of morcerf and danglars . shout ; the cries , the noise of the shot and the <unk> smell of powder produced their usual maddening effects . d ’ artagnan repaired to the	61.8013801574707
quarters of athos , whom he found in a fair way to empty a bottle of spanish <unk> occupation which he <unk> accomplished every night . they worth ? ’ ” rampart and perceived on the other side of the ditch , three cavaliers with two riding horses . about ? ” tight too , i can tell you , ” was the answer . jesting with that which is far dearer to me than life itself ! wish to die , ” and had chosen the manner of his death , and fearful of changing his mind , he had taken an oath to die . time the sacred words : ‘ god is great ! ’ however , my mother had still some hope . ”	75.81257629394531
it , ” said bonacieux . down with mazarin ’ ” not send in his name ! covered with <unk> was placed in one corner . overwhelm me with benefits ! ” i leave that to the princes . ” , ” said he . , my lord ? ” wrong , since it was you who suspected the queen . ” yes ; this instant , i entreat you . ” villefort , ” cried a beautiful young creature , daughter to the comte de salvieux , and the cherished friend of mademoiselle de saint-méran , “ do try and get up some famous trial while we are at marseilles . the shade of the fine avenue of lime-trees , which forms one of the most frequent	48.99757766723633
walks of the idlers of marseilles , covered by an immense <unk> , which <unk> its aged and blackened branches over the stone front , burnt yellow by the ardent sun of the south . , if you please . here , sir , and i have deposited her in charge of charlotte , who , till better advice comes , has bathed the foot in cold <unk> . ” , ” said athos . the establishment of athos . that went on about you from the time when you were three years old ? ” said albert . ” continued emmanuel , “ we have not fifteen thousand francs in the house . ” great curiosity , and he , not knowing well what to say to	63.056373596191406
this ascending and descending scale , remained <unk> . ” replied the officer . had returned to the first room , where they took counsel together . ones . ” , a look either steady and impenetrable or insolently piercing and inquisitorial . ” replied milady . , and she would not know who you are ? ” disturb my thoughts make your house odious and fatal . head . not slept , ” said villefort , showing his undisturbed bed ; “ grief does not <unk> me . ; the right idea has just occurred to me . ” , my grandfather wishes you to read this paper , ” said valentine . under the windows . ” said he , addressing d ’ artagnan , “	52.91325759887695
don ’ t you remember that face which is <unk> yonder ? ” would make caesar afraid . ” disquieted , sire . ” de chevreuse ! ” said milady to herself . more ; i say only that fortune has turned against me—i had thought to gain heaven , and now i have lost it . crop , sir ? ” said monte cristo , smiling . ? ” first place , they transfer from the vessel to their own boat whatever they think worth taking , then they bind the crew hand and foot , they attach to everyone ’ s neck a <unk> ball , a large hole is <unk> in the vessel ’ s bottom , and then they leave her . in a	72.29180145263672
fortnight , attained a very fair position . looking every now and then at the count to see if the moment of farewell was at hand , but athos was silent . to have found you ! accompanied her in her flight . , for i knew none , except his mother ’ s , as a young girl , and it was by this name that he recognized her , but he knows that his uncle was among her judges . ” pride before god , who has taken me from nothing to make me what i am . ” it is well to be certain . ” stories related of the count by de morcerf , it is no wonder that madame danglars eagerly listened to	70.31385040283203
, and fully credited , all the additional circumstances detailed by debray . being as enthusiastic and confident as the old man . ” repeated porthos and aramis . chair , and listening to every sound , was watching the door ; he saw valentine , and his eye brightened . , free air is so good ; besides , ” and rochefort drew a deep breath as he spoke , “ i am going into the country to make a tour . ” the eyes of d ’ artagnan on entering the room was brisemont , stretched upon the ground and rolling in horrible convulsions . , ” said the coadjutor , “ believe me , i am truly concerned for the misfortune which has happened to	56.17015838623047
you . ” as citizen . ” and spoke to us awaits us there ; behold ! ” your eminence that you had but to question us , and we are ready to reply . ” the cries were redoubled and more than ten thousand people thronged the quai and overflowed the pont neuf and adjacent streets . holding your horses , ready saddled . ” opening from the bedroom , or by concealing himself in the dressing-room , would be able to defend his property himself . ” ’ work to do to open communication with the king and , according to the calculations of the four friends , they had the entire day before them , since , the executioner being absent , another must be	76.66739654541016
sent for to bristol . going to do ? ” their posts . king had halted to fly the magpie , and the four friends , according to their custom , instead of following the sport had stopped at a cabaret on the high road , a man coming from la rochelle on horseback pulled up at the door to drink a glass of wine , and darted a searching glance into the room where the four musketeers were sitting . , or rather , an avant garde , composed of d ’ artagnan and athos . said athos , with his usual careless generosity , giving him his own , “ and be a good lad . , ” said morrel , rising from his seat ,	35.86283874511719
“ let us go and see , and heaven have pity upon us if it be false intelligence ! ” aramis . at the same time more warlike and more elegant . men ? ” is like one ; pray let us come more to the point , and endeavor thoroughly to understand each other . ” placed <unk> on its base , was the only spot to which they seemed to lead . to be driven ? ” , with m. de villefort , who considers him already as one of the family . ” , i presume ? ” , ” returned albert . a gentleman . astonishment , the knife , instead of piercing the count ’ s breast , flew back <unk> . then	48.15401077270508
? ” as fat as a <unk> , rolling about with rude health , <unk> out with good living , who , recognizing d ’ artagnan and acting very differently from the hypocrite bazin , slipped off his horse and approached the officer with his hat off , so that the homage of the assembled crowd was turned toward this new sun , which eclipsed the former <unk> . assume a cheerful manner , as i do ; we must joke with the guards , we must gain the good-will of the soldiers , since we can ’ t corrupt them . jump on shore ; and had he dared , he would , like <unk> brutus , have “ kissed his mother <unk> ” it was dark	126.17127227783203
, but at eleven o ’ clock the moon rose in the midst of the ocean , whose every wave she silvered , and then , “ ascending high , ” played in floods of pale light on the rocky hills of this second <unk> . something serious . ” me ? ” said he . the first time , and he can tell you on what occasion ; he came to demand the rent of my lodging . a consultation as to the best means of proceeding with the affair . have served to claim the pension ? ” was the same mad creature who threw over her amours such an air of originality as to make them proverbial for eccentricity in her family . aramis ,	79.79978942871094
laughing , “ we have praised the dead enough , let us <unk> the living a little ; i should like to say something evil of mazarin ; is it permissible ? ” ! ” shouted mordaunt , as his horse plunged and darted off at full gallop . s just the man we want , ” said athos . count . found another additional vertebra , they would have made him a commander . ” see what course they were taking . : so interested in the splendid roan horse , with his elegant little rider , so tastefully dressed in a pink satin jacket and cap , that i could not help praying for their success with as much earnestness as though the half of my	92.25171661376953
fortune were at stake ; and when i saw them <unk> all the others , and come to the <unk> in such gallant style , i actually clapped my hands with joy . ? ” asked the owner , with an air of considerable resignation . back to paris ? ” he asked . whispered “ good-bye , ” but his look was more explicit ; it expressed a whole poem of restrained anger , proud disdain , and generous indignation . the world , ” replied bonacieux . the chevalier d ’ <unk> , who are destined to enter the light cavalry and who have only received as yet for their equipment their white cloaks . ” , observed his feelings , and guessed all . night	71.07168579101562
, suddenly , dreaming that he had been robbed of monsieur de beaufort . to his majesty . ” me , for i knew you from the time i gave up two rooms to you , invited you to breakfast with me , lent you one of my carriages , witnessed the carnival in your company , and saw with you from a window in the piazza del popolo the execution that affected you so much that you nearly fainted . , and shut again ; the mercer ’ s pretty wife had disappeared . word or sound , except an inward expression of agony . danglars , “ there is still a sum of one hundred thousand francs ? ” mute and immovable as a statue ,	60.21289825439453
milady was frightened . accustomed tranquillity . ’ artagnan resumed , “ you will not become a partisan of mazarin ’ s ? ” same feverish impatience of grief which made you start like a wounded lion ? silver , his mantle had no gold nor embroidery on it ; a simple plume of violet feathers adorned his hat ; his boots were of black leather , and at his girdle hung that sword with a magnificent hilt that porthos had so often admired in the rue <unk> . soon as i recovered my senses i went to monsieur the governor , to whom i related all that had passed , and asked , what i should do with my prisoner . at every opening from this palace	99.4316177368164
to which i should lead you . d ’ if man , my dear count , ” said aramis ; “ you think of everything . ” , we will not forget you ; make your mind easy . ” answered the abbé , “ be not deceived . question , ” said aramis . , then , the honor to accompany me ; you and your two friends , and then i shall have an escort to excite envy in his majesty , if we should meet him . ” twenty paces behind my lord . his pocket a long flat box , which contained several <unk> of the articles demanded . . ” rouse the whole quarter . ” of the young men , and the	29.907075881958008
lackeys of the count de guiche guarded carefully between them the spanish prisoner , mounted on a pony which had been bought for his use . she expected , though probably not in such a costume , the young woman started in terror , and was about to make a hasty retreat . he continued the conversation in the same tone in which he had begun it , the whole thing might turn out to his own disadvantage , turned to morcerf , and said : king ’ s life is not worth what it must cost there ’ s an end of the matter and i send to groslow to say i am ill . ” dreaming ; tell me , sir , ” he said to	66.11935424804688
the sergeant , “ do you know those three gentlemen who are just gone out ? ” then ? ” , in order to satisfy his conscience . of d ’ artagnan . be poor and inexperienced , not if he be rich and skilful ; besides , the worst that could happen to him would be the punishment of which we have already spoken , and which the philanthropic french revolution has substituted for being torn to pieces by horses or broken on the wheel . became <unk> , the <unk> of the evening were revealed in their true light ; what she had taken for confusion was a tumult ; what she had regarded as something distressing , was in reality a disgrace . old acquaintances	95.20438385009766
of his ; he knew better than anyone else how to open that weather-beaten door with the large headed nail which served to raise the <unk> within . objects near him . try and find me a situation with him as grandfather , since he holds the <unk> ! ” command the <unk> ” passes in doing these things , and his intellect is exhausted by reflecting on them . ” cried valentine ; “ why did you not bring him close to the gate , so that i could talk to him and <unk> him ? ” met the funeral procession which was taking valentine to her last home on earth . steps from here . ” door . the contract is to be signed at my	94.20556640625
father-in-law ’ s . ” chance , ” replied planchet , “ but we must not despair of the mercy of god . ” escort me home . ” said valentine , kneeling before him , and pointing to maximilian , “ i love him , and will be only his ; were i compelled to marry another , i would destroy myself . ” , but it was easy to see , from the manner in which the hand that held the light trembled , how much it cost him to obey . . asked athos . peppino ’ s life ? ” greatest tenderness . that the former of these symptoms was one of the <unk> <unk> of <unk> , he did not then press his	40.67437744140625
inquiries , but waited for a more appropriate opportunity when he should again interrogate her , or receive an avowal <unk> <unk> . morrel ventured out from under the trees , and the moon shone upon his face , which was so pale it might have been taken for that of a ghost . wrote the name of d ’ artagnan in the commission , and returned it to him . one ! ” said the major with a sigh . majesty , then , ” said athos , calmly and not replying to mazarin , “ to <unk> these arrests of messieurs d ’ artagnan and du vallon . ” that as long as you do me the honor to remain in my house i shall never	44.925819396972656
speak to you about <unk> ” the count , “ how very ungrateful women are . monte cristo “ happily , yes , conscience does remain ; and if it did not , how wretched we should be ! silent grimaud , divided into ten portions . ” bread and sausages . . milady was an englishwoman whom the persecutions of the french drove from la rochelle ; when landing at boulogne , after a two days ’ passage , she passed for a <unk> whom the english persecuted at portsmouth out of their hatred for france . no less insulted ; the few lines which had irritated him were certainly intended as an insult . ” said danglars , pushing caderousse with his knee . not the	112.03475189208984
most dangerous . ” ? ” asked felton . ” , who wants no servants , being myself nothing but a servant of the queen ’ s . just said . ” ? ” you have bored your way from the cell you occupy here , <unk> in the same direction as the outer gallery , does it not ? ” you to tell you that we must never see each other again . ” that since we last met you have changed your religion . has ill understood my words . ” he . than in the doorway . ” elegant simplicity in a figured white silk dress , and a white rose half concealed in her jet black hair was her only ornament , <unk> by	61.360538482666016
a single jewel . which says , “ take my advice , don ’ t touch them . ” no more . rush into his arms , and strain him to my heart , crying , ‘ my father , my father ! ’ like monsieur <unk> ” 27 his forces . to see her uncle ; and by chance was there yesterday at the same time that i was , and it was my duty to offer to conduct her to her carriage . ” know , but yet she did not the less feel that these reproaches were merited . was a vast <unk> , from which <unk> , <unk> , knights , and queens were to disappear , so that the king was <unk> .	50.81073760986328
jealousy avoid being pleased at the coadjutor ’ s misfortune , and was about to utter some bon mot more witty than correct , when athos stopped him . ” said he , “ that where your liberty is at stake you can allow any such scruple to deter you from obtaining it ? ” me is that he did not strike me dead at once . you ought to do , morcerf ? ” measured pace , without betraying by the slightest sign that it contained people in a hurry . choose for thyself ? ” was striking , d ’ artagnan left m. de tréville , who thanked him for his information , recommended him to have the service of the king and queen always at	72.47687530517578
heart , and returned to the saloon ; but at the foot of the stairs , d ’ artagnan remembered he had forgotten his cane . must leave it to me . ” to watch over your life , madame , and i will watch . ” to disobey the law , that was to risk his head , that was to make at one blow an enemy of a minister more powerful than the king himself . said caderousse ; “ why , how fast you go on , father dantès ; she is not his wife yet , as it seems to me . ” was for the moment clouded , then it shone with unusual lustre , and a large tear rolled down his cheek	51.355384826660156
. was therefore admired , feared , and loved ; and this constitutes the zenith of human fortune . large _atelier_ , which had been increased in size by pulling down the <unk> <unk> , in which the artist and the dandy strove for <unk> . <unk> to nobody but the king , the cardinal , and <unk> he considered the first three personages in france . ” and she sank into a chair . chest the bullet of d ’ artagnan ’ s first adversary . guitant , ” said mazarin ; “ richelieu was a great man , a very great man , but he had that defect . athos , “ do you regret you have not shed our blood ? ” and they have	59.06987380981445
made him a baron , and now he is the baron danglars , with a fine residence in the rue du mont-blanc , with ten horses in his stables , six footmen in his antechamber , and i know not how many millions in his strongbox . ” was so piteous that it awakened pity in the heart of athos . ‘ if you return home safely , i shall believe god has forgiven you , and i will forgive you also . ’ ” ! ” he said , “ take <unk> it , and send for something immediately. ” and he emptied his pockets on the table , the contents consisting of a dozen gold pieces , five or six five-franc pieces , and some smaller	65.03011322021484
coin . carefully examined by jailers , whose herculean proportions and cold pitiless expression prove them to have been chosen to reign over their subjects for their superior activity and intelligence . said d ’ artagnan to athos , “ entertain no further doubts about me ; i undertake all that concerns the king . ” i received a <unk> upon my head . ” the daughter of a noble house , took particular delight in stories of the court , which so seldom travel to the extremities of the kingdom , and which , above all , have so much difficulty in penetrating the walls of convents , at whose threshold the noise of the world dies away . will never return . young man . are	110.6422119140625
, my good d ’ arminges ; i have given you a great fright , have i not ? the last struggle ? ” asked m. d ’ avrigny . bazin , striking a flint , and setting <unk> a twisted wax-light , with which he started the church candles . saw the island tinged with the shades of twilight , and then disappear in the darkness from all eyes but his own , for he , with vision accustomed to the gloom of a prison , continued to behold it last of all , for he remained alone upon deck . visitors ’ room had scarcely astonished andrea less than themselves , for the <unk> youth , instead of making use of his privilege of waiting to	92.43528747558594
be claimed on his entry into la force , had maintained a rigid silence . the major , hastily swallowing his biscuit , “ positively all . ” do so , but i really feel now almost obliged to have faith in them . ” his mistress abandons him , he will find friends , i will answer for it . , if your horse isn ’ t tired . ” murmured milady , in extreme terror ; “ what do you want ? ” papers ? ” up immediately and laid him in the boat , where directly athos was warmed and <unk> , <unk> with the caresses and cares of his friends , who were intoxicated with joy . the daughter of ali tepelini , pasha	64.04554748535156
of yanina , and of vasiliki , his beloved wife . ’ for i shall not only , i trust , relate the little i do know , but also a great deal i do not know . ” down again . one another , morrel trembling in every limb , the stranger gazing at him with an air of profound pity . ” and <unk> <unk> the <unk> who has tried to put on his own head a crown which he stole from under a <unk> the scoundrel who calls his party the party of the <unk> wants to send the princes of the blood to prison , not daring to kill them , as our great <unk> cardinal <unk> the miser , who weighs his gold	75.83940887451172
pieces and keeps the <unk> ones for fear , though he is rich , of losing them at play next <unk> the impudent fellow who insults the queen , as they <unk> much the worse for <unk> who is going in three months to make war upon us , in order that he may retain his pensions ; is that the master whom you propose to me ? acquainted with the king , they were not much excited ; but d ’ artagnan , with his gascon imagination , saw in it his future fortune , and passed the night in golden dreams . the young king to d ’ artagnan , on descending from the carriage , “ the queen has charged me to invite you to	75.96601104736328
dinner <unk> and your friend the baron du vallon . ” you alone in this abominable country . ” let there be no more question of what ’ s past , and let aramis resume the letter from his cousin where the cardinal interrupted him . ” a look which was by no means difficult to understand . man was beside him . ” added he , looking gratefully at villefort , “ to be examined by such a man as you ; for this envious person is a real <unk> ” and by the rapid glance that the young man ’ s eyes shot forth , villefort saw how much energy lay hid beneath this mildness . a great repugnance to treat with such an ill-bred fellow	84.94538116455078
, made out a list , against the grain , and sent it . spend money so <unk> acquired . ” the window of noirtier ’ s room , where he had seen him the preceding night . rooted to the spot like a statue of terror , and villefort , with his head hidden in the bedclothes , saw nothing around him , d ’ avrigny approached the window , that he might the better examine the contents of the glass , and dipping the tip of his finger in , tasted it . he exclaimed . monte cristo in his turn . porthos , “ mouston , of course . ” them pass . eighth day , bazin , fresh as ever , and smiling ,	54.06694030761719
according to custom , entered the cabaret of the parpaillot as the four friends were sitting down to breakfast , saying , as had been agreed upon : “ monsieur aramis , the answer from your cousin . ” the minister ’ s secretary and the <unk> , and , by way of paying extra attention to his noble neighbors , promised to keep their places while they paid a visit to beauchamp . replied eugénie , “ unhappy girl , do you say , sir ? into the labyrinth of streets which led to his hotel , situated near the marais , for having for so long a time lived near the place royale , lord de winter naturally returned to lodge near his ancient dwelling .	72.20088958740234
sum that will be advanced upon it , or i will throw it into the seine ; and i doubt , as was the case with <unk> , whether any fish will be sufficiently complaisant to bring it back to us . ” , ’ he said , ‘ or you are a dead man . ’ said monte cristo , who grew uneasy at the attention with which julie looked at him . the rooms with <unk> loaded with ices . , ” he cried , as he entered ; “ i have hired a <unk> <unk> , as light as a canoe , as easy on the wing as any swallow . her hand and her arm was supported by a cushion . exterior of the	47.75325012207031
house at auteuil gave no <unk> of splendor , nothing one would expect from the destined residence of the magnificent count of monte cristo ; but this simplicity was according to the will of its master , who positively ordered nothing to be altered outside . the count , “ let us both lay aside the mask we have assumed . replied teresa with astonishment ; ‘ but i was mad to utter such a wish . ’ who had listened in the greatest agony , now breathed again . said the count . ? ” said porthos . strongest <unk> he could find , stripped off its branches , inserted it in the hole , and used it as a lever . came from france with him	77.77765655517578
. ” ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ spare me the weight of your displeasure . , d ’ artagnan ; for death is the door which leads to perdition or to salvation . ” continue to receive us ? ” asked the coadjutor ; “ if your income is lessened i shall be obliged to make you a canon of notre dame . ” my little fellow , don ’ t be angry . , madame , ” said felton ; “ happily i am neither charged with the power of pardoning nor <unk> . stupefaction at a man who thus employed the unlimited power with which he was clothed by the confidence of a king in the prosecution of his intrigues . said he .	40.314456939697266
while , ” said aramis , “ you can have one of mine . ” seen what a superb appearance he made upon his handsome spanish _genet_ , she would not have regretted the bleeding she had inflicted upon the strongbox of her husband . not so dangerously wounded as you think , ” said raoul . will be , ” said caderousse , “ as surely as dantès will be captain of the <unk> , danglars ? ” mazarin to himself , “ what a sweet face ; does she come to borrow money of me ? ” such a degree that i scarcely believe my eyes . hand . ’ tis here— ’ tis <unk> sight is <unk> senses fail ! aramis , “ if they	70.76237487792969
dare to condemn their king , it can only be to exile or imprisonment . ” charms them . ineffaceable infamy ! ’ in the secretaire in my bedroom . ” obey the orders of his officer . i had foreseen the result , it is the honor of your visit i alluded to . ” exclaimed a commanding voice . me shudder . ” portion of the garden was her favorite walk . understood that morrel , with the same expression in his eyes , placed his handkerchief to his mouth ; and these two living statues , whose hearts beat so violently under their marble aspect , separated from each other by the whole length of the room , forgot themselves for a moment , or	87.10235595703125
rather forgot the world in their mutual contemplation . with what does not concern you ? ” faithful cities , and will oppose to him an impassable barrier . ” ” said la ramee , “ the matter concerns you , for you will have the honor to serve us ; and besides , however good an appetite we may have and however great our thirst , there will be something left on the plates and in the bottles , and that something will be yours . ” d ’ artagnan . ” ” interposed d ’ artagnan , “ you must present me to madame du vallon . ” ” she exclaimed , “ i recognize the flavor of my nocturnal beverage which refreshed me so much	54.33635330200195
, and seemed to ease my aching brain . the three musketeers in chorus . take care ; when our turn comes , our revenge will be sweeping . ” planchet , “ i am in all things at your service . ” o ’ clock in the morning , he landed at st. valery . the last few days ; not that even in her days of fortune she had ever dressed with the magnificent display which makes us no longer able to recognize a woman when she appears in a plain and simple attire ; nor indeed , had she fallen into that state of depression where it is impossible to conceal the garb of misery ; no , the change in mercédès was that her	87.7442855834961
eye no longer sparkled , her lips no longer smiled , and there was now a hesitation in uttering the words which formerly sprang so fluently from her ready wit . from her husband , you have assassinated her ; my name would have secured me the paternal estate , you have deprived me of it ; you have despoiled me of my fortune . was no longer a man , he was a devil ! make a tour of the world ; things take a different name , and the vulgar do not follow <unk> is all ; but there is always the same result . made a sign with her head ; the young princess opened the door and raoul appeared on the threshold . presume	65.91719055175781
to say that all my friends are in the king ’ s musketeers and guards , and that by an inconceivable fatality my enemies are in the service of your eminence ; i should , therefore , be ill received here and ill regarded there if i accepted what monseigneur offers me . ” practiced upon the duke by the governor in return for the insults of the innocent pistache . a second view than it had done at their first rapid survey . my hand . ” ? ” ” said de guiche , “ are you going to reply ? ” of admiral , which had been held by his father , the duc de vendome and an indemnity for his houses and castles , demolished	62.571781158447266
by the parliament of <unk> . your marrying m. d ’ épinay , she would be all the more likely to listen to any other proposition . ” , ” he called out . this brazen voice pouring out its lamentations in the middle of the night ; but each of those strokes , which made up the expected hour , vibrated <unk> to the heart of the young man . given . help perceiving that something more than usual was passing in the mind of his lackey and said , “ well , monsieur planchet , what is the matter with us now ? ” speedily as he had departed , but in the antechamber he was forced to appeal to the king ’ s authority .	46.7546501159668
not , like you , for instance , settle on any fixed plan . ” cramped with looking at it , but at the end of a year i became used to it ; and then we have our hours of recreation , and our holidays . ” <unk> , united , made lieutenant-general , the count of morcerf , peer of france ? ” what guards you find here , and pursue him . ” grant me that it is acting with an ill grace to offer to the lord only that with which we are perfectly disgusted ! whatever price it may be , i will have them . ” snare , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ i shall scent it out , be	60.13338851928711
assured . had any reason for his morning ’ s <unk> , but he always slept all night long . pens and ink ? ” monsieur de beaufort was walking in the <unk> his fire was put out , his <unk> all removed , taken away ; and thus his means of drawing utterly destroyed . , since he has become an abbé . five years ! ” said the major with a deep sigh , and raising his eye to heaven . nod that these commands should be obeyed to the letter , and d ’ artagnan went out , followed by bernouin . have you done , monsieur porthos ? ” ” came again . ” to keep pace on foot with a carriage drawn by	57.057891845703125
two powerful horses . , and as she did so , looked whiter than the marble against which she leaned . like apparitions , without the guards thinking of detaining them , and reached the open country . lxiv . there is no <unk> comes by chance . ” , despite one slight shade of care , light as a summer cloud , seemed a physiognomy of absolute felicity . ” said the prince . was heard , and valentine fled through the avenue . of the mother ? ” said the count . ! with this , monseigneur ? ” said d ’ artagnan , who had no doubt the accusation came from milady , “ a woman branded by the justice of the country ; a	56.0650749206543
woman who has espoused one man in france and another in england ; a woman who poisoned her second husband and who attempted both to poison and assassinate me ! ” of old age , but of grief ; it appears that since the death of the marquis , which affected her very deeply , she has not completely recovered her reason . ” s a description you want ? ” on that armchair ? ” asked he . to heaven with an expression of resignation and sublime gratitude . to our advantage . ” ” my advice , valentine ? ” to the tomb , the phantom to retire in darkness . ” mordaunt , with eyes on fire with a look of hate impossible to paint	63.45948028564453
, “ i can only offer thee one victim , but it shall at any rate be the one thou wouldst thyself have chosen ! ” you deliver me up to him who fills and defiles the world with his heresies and <unk> that infamous <unk> whom the blind call the duke of buckingham , and whom believers name antichrist ! ” i speak of the prop of the state , of my only servant , of my only <unk> the cardinal . ” , whom i like so much to see , especially where he now is , and you , monsieur d ’ artagnan , opposite to me . ” d ’ artagnan went into the chamber . door , and looked at d ’ artagnan	74.59352111816406
<unk> . , but she always <unk> strangers . ” making signs to another at my left , and turning around i recognized the honest grimaud . made his disciples keep silence for five years that they might learn to hold their tongues . ” good ? ” so much the <unk> ! _ as they say in my country . ” athos , “ i am arrested . ” six pieces of five francs each in the man ’ s hand , leaped lightly on to the pathway . a hurry that you have no time to pass the time of day with your friends ? ” ’ s pardon , ” interposed the steward in a <unk> manner , “ for venturing to observe that it	60.398719787597656
is already two o ’ clock . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ let him come up . ” formalities , for the same passions which give rise to the accusation <unk> to the condemnation . from his breast , and he cried , upon to treat that , and no other . ; i destined it for her , and , knowing the treachery of the sea i buried our treasure in the little garden of the house my father lived in at marseilles , on the allées de meilhan . understand , ” said porthos . morrel had ever so spoken , but he said it in a tone of paternal kindness , and julie did not dare to disobey . in a low	53.80398178100586
tone , for the exclamation which surprise had drawn from the count , faint as it had been , had startled the man who remained in the pose of the old <unk> . was somewhat <unk> , as may be imagined . , to whom marseilles had become filled with <unk> memories , sought and obtained the situation of king ’ s procureur at toulouse , and a fortnight afterwards he married mademoiselle de saint-méran , whose father now stood higher at court than ever . she responded to his love . ” three-quarters of a league to the <unk> and kept on for corsica . , ” resumed athos , “ we are all faithful servants of his majesty . ” me , and as my soul	66.20835876464844
was not subdued they wished to <unk> my body forever . villefort , “ nothing further is required . arose , and having imposed silence , said , — “ sir , you are too serious and too sensible a man not to understand the consequences of our present situation , and your candor has already dictated to us the conditions which remain for us to offer you. ” the general , putting his hand on his sword , exclaimed , — “ if you talk of honor , do not begin by <unk> its laws , and impose nothing by violence . ” he said . take ? ” demanded d ’ artagnan , in his turn . two culprits . ” said franz , “ it	61.72736740112305
would be the easiest thing in the world ; for i feel eagle ’ s wings springing out at my shoulders , and with those wings i could make a tour of the world in four-and-twenty hours . ” , and she prayed . leave me alone with maximilian . ” and aramis rose and in one <unk> motion rushed to their swords . . better , ” said danglars . which were made this morning , m. noirtier de villefort must see the utter impossibility of any alliance being formed between his family and that of m. franz d ’ épinay . d ’ artagnan and sleep overtook him also . , half this treasure is yours ; if i die here , and you escape alone	81.4262924194336
, the whole belongs to you . ” de guiche . been presented . ” wish , as your health absolutely requires it , that you should rest for a fortnight . morrel , not being able to conceive such intense happiness ; “ by whom ? ” sir , ” said monte cristo with his dreadful calmness ; “ a secondary cause , but not the principal . ” moment , <unk> over a railroad committee . , i swear to you . ” meanness of this slander . my lord , that there always remains to us a last resource . ” three , four , five , ” said monte cristo ; “ five <unk> what a crœsus you are ! ” as if undergoing	47.54959487915039
the influence of an <unk> thought , the countenance of the cardinal , till then gloomy , cleared up by degrees , and recovered perfect serenity . the praises of madame danglars ’ beautiful horses , and i had the folly to desire to know whether they really merited the high praise given to them . ” ! ” he cried , “ no boat ! ” ” said he . ! ” olivain to athos , “ has been done according to your directions ; the horses are waiting . ” madame , not a day passes in which i do not suffer <unk> from your princes and your lordly servants , all of them <unk> who do not perceive that i wind up the spring that	71.42290496826172
makes them move , nor do they see that beneath my quiet demeanor lies the still scorn of an injured , irritated man , who has sworn to himself to master them one of these days . she , hardly giving franz time to sit down , “ it seems you have nothing better to do than to make the acquaintance of this new lord ruthven , and you are already the best friends in the world . ” the latter , “ i should say that i do pledge myself to it ! , whenever you wish to be regaled with music come and sup with me . ” gone , noirtier made a sign to morrel to take the dictionary . s fortune five hundred thousand	79.27466583251953
livres ? ” maximilian , with an air of gravity , “ those are our most precious family treasures . ” reflected . ” cried bonacieux . his horse tied to the gate in the court , mounted the great staircase and addressed the guard in the first chamber . porthos , “ let us hear what he says . ” spada . ” s proximity that makes you so prudent ? ” opened the door of the second room , and from the expression of his face it was clear that he there beheld some extraordinary object . madame de saint-méran ’ s room . ” answering , pointed to the garden . his pocket a second letter , presented it to the cardinal , and took	35.373138427734375
his seat . of the world , and had , moreover , mixed in the first society of the day ; he wore an air of melancholy dignity which dantès , thanks to the imitative powers bestowed on him by nature , easily acquired , as well as that outward polish and politeness he had before been wanting in , and which is seldom possessed except by those who have been placed in constant intercourse with persons of high birth and breeding . invited and their carriages had crowded the court since noon ; then after dinner the queen was to have a play in her apartment . , ” said the countess , in reply to her companion ’ s <unk> observation on the subject ; “	80.50428771972656
but that horrid man had made me feel quite uncomfortable , and i longed to be alone , that i might compose my startled mind . ” after him for the purpose of hanging him likewise ; but he was beforehand with me , he had quit the curacy the night before . ” . ” ” not recollect the name of the celebrated bandit by whom i was made prisoner ? ” you say so ? ” said the servitor , opening the gate . more uneasiness than the war with spain , the quarrel with england , or the embarrassment of the finances . be found on arresting him , for the letter will be found upon him , or at his father ’ s ,	57.16838073730469
or in his cabin on board the _pharaon_ . ” ” said the abbé , “ you have spoken unreservedly ; and thus to accuse yourself is to deserve pardon . ” from newcastle , and no doubt want to carry off the king . , that i had lived long enough . ” chapter <unk> . ? ? them , to make hazardous expeditions upon the dyke or the sea , to imagine wild plans , and to execute them <unk> were the <unk> which made the army find these days short which were not only so long to the rochellais , a prey to famine and anxiety , but even to the cardinal , who blockaded them so closely . , in the shipwreck of <unk>	78.20704650878906
life is an eternal shipwreck of our <unk> cast into the sea my useless encumbrance , that is all , and i remain with my own will , disposed to live perfectly alone , and consequently perfectly free . ” , since the honor of the throne is safe , everything else is a matter of indifference to me . ” a wide range . another age , constructed by the genii of earth and water . ” with the greatest simplicity , but the most fastidious dandy could have found nothing to <unk> at in his toilet . and instead of a finger , dipped his whole hand in . said morcerf , “ let us enjoy the present without gloomy forebodings for the future . ”	93.66207122802734
a bed , a chair , a table , a pail , and a jug . ” cried he to d ’ artagnan , “ do not kill him , young man , i beg of you . the cardinal , not turning round , for having whistled , he knew that it was his _valet-de-chambre_ who was behind him ; “ what musketeers are now within the palace ? ” quick ! ” said d ’ artagnan , in a low voice , as soon as the bolts were fast , “ let me get out of the hôtel ; for if we leave her time to turn round , she will have me killed by the servants . ” ” said the three musketeers . viscount	31.217206954956055
, do talk reason ! ” and then , drawing dantès on one side , he said <unk> shall have the right of <unk> myself ; at present i shall appear to sell myself . ” exclaimed the executioner , “ you use that word which sounds ever in my <unk> ‘ assassinated ! ’ i have assassinated , then , and not executed ! ” said he . choose to discover yourself , because you are the leader of an ambuscade , ” returned d ’ artagnan ; “ but with regard to myself , who am traveling quietly with my own servant , i have not the same reasons as you have to conceal my name . ” s lips there played one of those rare	52.92732620239258
and melancholy smiles which seemed to emanate from the depth of his <unk> last trace of youth and happiness that had survived life ’ s <unk> . the louvre ; i will give in my resignation as captain of the king ’ s musketeers to take a lieutenancy in the cardinal ’ s guards , and if he refuses me , _morbleu ! _ i will turn abbé . ” his promise , he sent the prescription requested . during which i imagined i heard moans repeatedly . albert , “ i do not know ; when i invited him three months ago , he was then at rome , but since that time who knows where he may have gone ? ” kind , and good you	67.75983428955078
are ; you affect this gayety to inspire me with courage . ” they have remained upon this small promontory , on which they had settled like a flight of <unk> , without mixing with the marseillaise population , <unk> , and preserving their original customs and the costume of their <unk> as they have preserved its language . bank-notes , felt them , counted them , turned pale , then red , then rushed into his room to drink a glass of water , but he had no time to reach the <unk> , and fainted in the midst of his dried herbs . to have such a compliment paid to him twice . count , ” he said , and signed the treaty . returned the	74.32439422607422
old man , ‘ what hast thou done ? ’ and he gazed with terror on rita , pale and bloody , a knife buried in her bosom . second question . ” ” breakfast . entered . sir , you will allow , ” replied madame danglars , “ that , even if the fault were alone mine , i last night received a severe punishment for it . ” ensued and then , in a full , sonorous voice , the king exclaimed : “ remember ! ” i shall know if you lie . ” french academy to do with all this ? ” to lose . the bastile . ” to seek or to apprehend and they passed rapidly to examine the third compartment	56.376827239990234
. rum restored suspended animation , while the <unk> of his limbs restored their <unk> . ? ” said a voice . over villefort during the examination , the destruction of the letter , the exacted promise , the almost supplicating tones of the magistrate , who seemed rather to implore mercy than to pronounce punishment , —all returned with a stunning force to his memory . its effect upon the clerks , who began to laugh ; but porthos turned sharply round , and every countenance quickly recovered its gravity . myself that nobody hears us . ” d ’ artagnan , “ it is clear that they are afraid of something or other ; for look , the sentinels are being reinforced . yours , then	100.08014678955078
? ” your fatal career , if you did not do evil for the infinite and supreme joy of doing it ? he could not detach his eyes from that disordered bed , and the pale corpse of the young girl who was lying on it . my good woman , make yourself perfectly easy , i beg of you . four men ? ” . ” worth . ” he , “ was i mistaken ? ” very well off here . handsomer , but certainly there could be none whose appearance was more <unk> , if the expression may be used . the night , since these gentlemen desire to know it . ” is it not ? ” said d ’ artagnan . safer and	54.46403121948242
more certain if i should ask him his name and tell him yours ? ” demanded the host . a supercargo ; pen , ink , and paper are my tools , and without my tools i am fit for nothing . ” ’ clock in the evening ; an <unk> light , through which an autumnal sun shed its golden rays , descended on the blue ocean . assent . to the prisoner . me , unhappy child ? ” this <unk> passion the more his senses yielded to its <unk> , and at length , weary of a struggle that taxed his very soul , he gave way and sank back breathless and exhausted beneath the kisses of these marble <unk> , and the enchantment of	74.79521942138672
his marvellous dream . come back rich , my boy , ” continued the tailor , looking <unk> at the handful of gold and silver which dantès had thrown on the table . offer her my services ? ” thought he . men attached to each other , true in heart , really united ? ” for going the quick way to work ! ” and here i am . ” retained its inanimate expression . brave , as we know , he was terrified at that wild countenance , those terribly dilated pupils , those pale cheeks , and those bleeding lips . , and attack our poor agents . ” murmured the minister , “ for pity ’ <unk> ” said porthos , “ we will	99.73685455322266
kill the sentinel and we shall have his arms . ” let us go to him . of it . in terrible <unk> . not hinder me from being entirely devoted to his service , as i am to that of your majesty . ” rosy ; and although her <unk> , like that of all princes of the house of austria , <unk> slightly beyond the other , it was eminently lovely in its smile , but as profoundly disdainful in its contempt . to be depended upon , i have him under my hand , monsieur , ” said m. dessessart , pointing to d ’ artagnan ; “ and as to the four or five volunteers , monsieur has but to make his intentions known	53.21853256225586
, and the men will not be wanting . ” ” murmured valentine , pressing her lips on the burning brow , “ do you wish to kill me ? the orange-tree , he began at the <unk> ; but this , not being so easily plucked as the orange-tree , pricked him dreadfully . milady , “ then i collected all my strength ; i recalled to my mind that the moment of vengeance , or rather , of justice , had struck . is impossible . ” danglars , “ it is my fault ; i have chosen my visit at a wrong time , and will retire . ” at the most . resigned , my friend . ” passed through the same door that	40.010616302490234
had afforded a passage for the two fugitives , went up to d ’ artagnan ’ s door , and knocked . can well understand , made no resistance ; in fact , he was so astonished at what had happened to him that he stammered and reeled like a drunken man ; d ’ artagnan deposited his clothes under the arm of one of the valets . told you , sir , he was a very dangerous man ; and , fortunately , by his own act <unk> the government of the fears it had on his account . ” return of bonaparte and promised another letter and further details , on the arrival of the _pharaon_ belonging to the shipbuilder morrel , of marseilles , whose	52.97951889038086
captain was entirely devoted to the emperor . governor , touched with pity , might order him to be removed to better quarters , and thus separate him from his young companion . in a <unk> does not know where that may lead him to . ” see pale , agitated , and alarmed , instead <unk> is the case when a curtain falls on a <unk> home to sup peacefully with his family , and then retiring to rest , that he may recommence his <unk> woes on the morrow , —is removed from your sight merely to be reconducted to his prison and delivered up to the executioner . , the abduction is an accomplished fact , ” replied eugénie . of <unk> ; and francis	124.21215057373047
the first , who was , as i have heard say , as good as other folks , nevertheless lost the battle of <unk> . ” monsieur le coadjuteur , ” he said . as he died ? ” ’ artagnan ? ” dantès , and without relinquishing mercédès ’ hand clasped in one of his own , he extended the other to the catalan with a cordial air . very learned , and rational enough on all points which did not relate to his treasure ; but on that , indeed , he was intractable . ” cried d ’ artagnan , at last , furious , “ very well , since you wish it , let us leave our bones in this beggarly land , where	60.860416412353516
it is always cold , where fine weather is a fog , fog is rain , and rain a deluge ; where the sun represents the moon and the moon a cream cheese ; in truth , whether we die here or elsewhere matters little , since we must die . ” for that purpose . ” , and bertuccio remained with noirtier . <unk> demon d ’ artagnan ? ” said porthos , astonished at his friend ’ s deception . if it depends on me . ” him ? ” demanded the chief . entreat of you , who and what you are ? ” said he at length . , ’ answered the traveller , ‘ but then the obligation will be on my side	67.08917999267578
, for this poniard is worth more than two sequins . ’ porthos , looking at the gascon with the most profound admiration . very sullen expression on his face . of your majesty ’ s hand ; if you think you are right in giving them to me , you shall do so , but from this very moment you are free from any obligation to keep them . ” felton ; “ but silence , silence ! return home to write a <unk> , and requested his friends not to disturb him . door was opened . ” on a physical medium , you must return the medium with your written explanation . someone approached me ; it is said that the doomed wretch in the	45.67139434814453
deserts of <unk> thus feels the approach of the serpent . no , ” said the general , smiling faintly , “ i did not come for that purpose ; you are right . carries you away ; and he who pours out vengeance runs the risk of tasting a bitter draught . ” carnival he had taken a notion to provide an unusual entertainment for that good town , of which he was the life and soul . became dull and indisposed ; his brow was not one of those that long remain clear . ? ” to be dining with that prince whose house you have just left ? ” was at the door ; it was a hack conveyance which was elevated to the rank	97.56671142578125
of a private carriage in honor of the occasion , but , in spite of its humble exterior , the young men would have thought themselves happy to have secured it for the last three days of the carnival . ! ” grew pale several times in reading this billet . said he , at the end of his meditations , “ a clever maxim , which bears upon what i was saying to you some little while ago , and that is , that unless wicked ideas take root in a naturally depraved mind , human nature , in a right and wholesome state , revolts at crime . ” cried the old man , “ you make short work of this kind of affair . few	90.01344299316406
steps , and , with a fervent prayer of gratitude , stretched himself on the granite , which seemed to him softer than down . , madame , and those who accompany me will say the same thing ; but—— ” ” said valentine , perceiving the effect which her words were producing on maximilian : “ i have done wrong , for i have given utterance to thoughts concerning that man which i did not even know existed in my heart . <unk> had got rid of an enemy and made his own situation on the _pharaon_ secure . before morrel . their liberty ? morrel , “ death had entered that house twice within one month . ” heavy weight which hastened his rapid descent ,	94.654541015625
it seemed to him as if the fall lasted for a century . said ; “ poor aramis ; a charming man , elegant , discreet , and a writer of poetical verses . nature , like that of milady , days not spent in climbing are inauspicious days . guard in the court , <unk> of arms , and horses saddled . not wish to come between a father and son . said , “ will you conduct the baroness danglars ? ” insulted me so cruelly that between him and me it is war to the death . i will publish the report of <unk> and the marquis de <unk> , upon the interview which the duke had at the residence of madame the constable with	77.82592010498047
the queen on the evening madame the constable gave a masquerade . the shed . brought him in took him , each by one arm , and led him toward the door , whilst the prince , turning to marshal de grammont , seemed to have already forgotten the order he had given . time i ever saw her in this condition , ” said valentine ; “ and this morning she frightened me so that i thought her mad ; and my father , who you know is a strong-minded man , himself appeared deeply impressed . ” the kindness to explain the nature of the statement which has displeased you ? ” felucca rose again on the waves ; the cable which tied the boat to	57.37992858886719
the vessel was then seen plainly rising out of the sea . , ” murmured caderousse . , ” said andrea , taking the major by the arm in a confidential manner , “ how much are you paid for being my father ? ” . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that whilst i thought i was coming to noisy i have entered , without suspecting it , into the kingdom of mysteries . ” horror ; morrel took her in his arms , as if to defend her from some unknown danger . the jailer was coming . in much the same way . , but he had lifted the rum to his lips and was drinking it with so much composure , that suspicions	56.90890884399414
, if the captain had any , died away . not in your right senses , i swear . ” , and will punish me with her . ” exclaimed de winter , “ your majesty abandons yourself to despair ; and yet , perhaps , there still remains some hope . ” ; that is precisely what i mean , ” said danglars , almost digging his nails into his breast , while he preserved on his harsh features the smile of the heartless though clever man ; “ <unk> , that is it . ” the president , “ lead in the accused . ” what time you require , dantès . know about such things . ” it is monte cristo . ” honor ,	51.61367416381836
monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan . faria , addressing dantès with an almost paternal expression , “ now , my dear fellow , you know as much as i do myself . now , ” said the astonished porthos . , to know what this letter addressed to tréville <unk> ” and the stranger , muttering to himself , directed his steps toward the kitchen . you allow me to ask you a question ? ” he , “ i bear to your majesty a letter from my friend the count de guiche , who told me he had the honor of being your servant ; this letter contains important news and the expression of his respect . ” porthos coming forward . one of your	30.119688034057617
friends lives in that house ? ” francs ? ” inquired the notary . rubbed his eyes , and tried to go to sleep again . d ’ artagnan . lord de winter in english , who thereupon requested d ’ artagnan ’ s permission to retire , <unk> himself on account of the urgency of the business that had called him away , and charging his sister to obtain his pardon . ! room where he had left monte cristo . felt the heat of the flames . one and a half ; will you have <unk> per cent , or even more ? will order a statue of chance from <unk> or <unk> . ” his head . no longer like a furious woman , but	38.862884521484375
like a wounded panther . , and as the door of communication remained open , d ’ artagnan could hear milady for some time <unk> her maid . robbed ? ” that <unk> distinguished a shadow in the darkness ; then one of the panes became quite opaque , as if a sheet of paper were stuck on the outside , then the square cracked without falling . boville , with a tone of entire incredulity , “ five millions to that gentleman who just left , and who bowed to me as though he knew me ? ” <unk> dignity had both been so cruelly offended that she could not come round at the first advance ; but , <unk> by the advice of her women ,	91.16816711425781
she at last had the appearance of beginning to forget . i was near having a duel with aramis concerning a handkerchief resembling the one you showed to the woman in his <unk> a handkerchief marked in the same manner , i am sure . ” the king and the other four your prisoners . be ? ! ” said the king to the two gentlemen who were held by d ’ artagnan and porthos . soul , that they never mean to finish it . ” read the paragraph . , for one of her friends who resides in the provinces , i believe , for a trustworthy maid . count on the 26th may at seven o ’ clock in the evening . france , my	52.10733413696289
lord ; i said the cardinal , and the cardinal is not even a frenchman . ” perceived that the countess was really alarmed . ” the baron , “ look at this woman . gospel say ? seen his father since the morning of the death . slaves , convinced of the precarious <unk> on which they held their lives , passed whole days and nights in praying , crying , and groaning . something more opaque than the fog . ” ” said the listener , “ not through doors , but through windows ! but his tongue refused to move . bounded back and , bending his bare head , tried to distinguish in the gloom the features of the lieutenant . you , my	62.23832321166992
lord , that i shall see no one . ” of paris and leave you beyond the barriere , and can return for her . ” several public <unk> , and brought the offenders to merited punishment . vampire . ” ” replied caderousse , “ we can not console those who will not be consoled , and he was one of these ; besides , i know not why , but he seemed to dislike seeing me . athos . must surrender your sword to me , monsieur , and that without resistance . cry of surprise . ” said he . the man . and don ’ t leave off in a hurry . who knows ? ” said athos . the king here detached the	38.72184753417969
cross of the legion of honor which he usually wore over his blue coat , near the cross of st. louis , above the order of <unk> and st. <unk> , and gave it to villefort ) — “ in the meanwhile take this cross . ” man , rely upon one who has been thirty years at court . . ” de la fere and monsieur d ’ herblay our crime would be confirmed . instant , the carriage was placed on board and the two travellers embarked without delay . there , ” said she , at length , turning towards fernand . ” replied athos , with his gentlemanly air ; “ let us talk of something else , if you please . neighbors ?	41.31999969482422
” . ” ” said m. morrel , “ i am not angry , quite the contrary , and i do not send you away ; but i have no more ships , and therefore i do not want any sailors . ” , i believe ? ” said the procurator , <unk> . looks fall upon him which make a slave of a king . year , and you know , fernand , i have <unk> almost entirely on public charity . said maximilian , “ i pity her very much ; she is so noble a woman ! ” épinay ; i think he tasted them one day . ” said athos ; “ they may serve us . ” distinguished the approaching steps of the	39.79001998901367
jailer . and the man was better . ” groaned forth villefort , in a paroxysm of grief , which was the more terrible from the <unk> of the sensation in the iron heart of that man . with that large quantity of <unk> which we know he possessed , compared himself with de wardes , and asked himself why , after all , he should not be beloved for himself ? . ” believed that he had to do with some judge examining his papers ; but he perceived that the man at the desk wrote , or rather corrected , lines of unequal length , <unk> the words on his fingers . , addressing the cavaliers , who became more and more numerous every instant ;	75.02021789550781
“ gentlemen , encircle his eminence , that you may show him the greater honor . mazarin to porthos , “ what would you do if the crowd fell upon us ? ” one another in a state of bewilderment . . ” ” repeated monte cristo . . said the young man . coming . ” m. de monte cristo either in the lobby or on the stairs . have only the means that money <unk> who are in expectation , have those which devotion <unk> . ” of the courage and skill of athos than i have ; but i like better to hear my sword <unk> against <unk> than against <unk> . he , “ my life is yours ; henceforth dispose of it .	52.235504150390625
a terrible cry . a bell , announcing a visitor , will but accelerate the resolution of one in maximilian ’ s situation , and then the bell would be followed by a louder noise . ” for those latitudes , ” said the englishman ; “ i should have taken four reefs in the topsails and <unk> the spanker . ” neither the direction nor the depth of it ; he only satisfied himself by milady ’ s pulse that the case was not serious . gentlemen , ” said the cardinal , “ i know you . pentecost would not pass without your highness being out of vincennes . ” of it , ” said albert , smiling sorrowfully . , ” he murmured . project	55.05760192871094
. comprehend the silence of the comte de wardes , and she ordered kitty to come at nine o ’ clock in the morning to take a third letter . <unk> day , if you do so , they will <unk> you to destruction , head and crown , too , and then you will not be able to die with a calm conscience , as i die . in the world . mention such a thing , ” said the count . he , “ here we are , at the last act of the tragedy . said monte cristo , well acquainted with ali ’ s pantomime ; “ you mean to tell me that three female attendants await their new mistress in her sleeping-chamber .	43.65253448486328
” ? ” said d ’ artagnan , undecided , so strongly did the confidence of athos begin to prevail , in spite of himself . ” he cried , passing the bottle to porthos , “ we are <unk> bark is supplied with provisions . ” joy and surprise ; never had a first attempt been crowned with more perfect success . tremblingly that she resumed her lover ’ s arm . the count continued to descend the corso . , my dear fellow , when one has been accustomed to malibran and <unk> , such singers as these don ’ t make the same impression on you they perhaps do on others . ” how to wait ; he had waited fourteen years for his liberty	64.10986328125
, and now he was free he could wait at least six months or a year for wealth . the better ? ” you wish , madame , ” said villefort ; “ more especially since your wishes <unk> with mine , and as soon as m. d ’ épinay arrives in paris—— ” for my son , monsieur , that he found such a friend , and i thank god that things are thus . ” i say to you , felton ? ” continued milady , in the tone of a woman accusing herself of a crime . ” replied faria , “ to free me if what i tell you prove true , and i will stay here while you go to the spot .	43.658790588378906
” kiosk that we were rowing . by the melancholy noise of the <unk> . ” in the evening all was ready , and at ten minutes past seven they doubled the lighthouse just as the beacon was kindled . , but sat , or rather threw himself down again upon his chair . pursued ? ” and as the romance of don quixote was then the fashion , they said that he was <unk> , who , after having lost one master , had found two . is intended to affect me personally . , he whispered : “ above all things do not divulge your name . ” pronouncing a syllable . thus six or eight years ago . said he , “ to feel a	75.66732025146484
hand like this , when its owner relies on the goodness of his cause . ” stranger in the court of m. de tréville ’ s courtiers , and this his first appearance in that place , he was at length noticed , and somebody came and asked him what he wanted . i know this great lady . ” far superior to many clerks who work ten times harder than you do for their money . man , as you know , ” said aramis , “ is a strange animal , made up of contradictions . planchet . hear ye the words of the prophets my servants , whom i have sent unto you . ’ ” a niece ! ” interrupted porthos . your eminence	78.66056060791016
ready ? ” its crumbling antiquity and apparent misery , was yet cheerful and picturesque , and was the same that old dantès formerly <unk> only difference being that the old man occupied merely the garret , while the whole house was now placed at the command of mercédès by the count . yours ? ” <unk> ” besides my steward , to keep a clerk and a boy . the english nebuchadnezzar , ” replied the staunch puritan . responded dantès , almost terrified . inform me . it was a family jewel ? ” despair of maximilian , when he should be informed that madame de saint-méran , instead of being an ally , was unconsciously acting as his enemy . d ’ armilly , who	88.6308822631836
is playing while mademoiselle danglars is in bed . ” reason to understand , for if the word and gesture had not explained the speaker ’ s meaning , it was clearly expressed by the man walking behind him , who pushed him so <unk> that he struck against the guide . mazarin , taking from his portfolio the letter which he had already shown d ’ artagnan , “ take this dispatch and carry it to england . ” his head with an expression of despair . then , ” said the lieutenant . shall make of all the domestic <unk> ’ t you think so ? do with that letter ? ” mind to take a wife from paris . ” into my apartment . ”	44.193092346191406
answered the abbé , “ man is but man after all , and you are about the best specimen of the <unk> i have ever known . also , ” said the curate . we are never seen one without the others , and that we are called among the musketeers and the guards , at court and in the city , athos , porthos , and aramis , or the three inseparables ? , do you not ? ? ” times round the place royale , turning at every ten steps to look at the light in milady ’ s apartment , which was to be seen through the blinds . , i beg of you , but lend me a horse . ” doubt very fine	38.82545852661133
, ” said porthos ; “ but deuce take me if i understand at all . ” that he was nearly unconscious . of voices which continued to draw near , amid which she seemed to hear her own name pronounced . chestnut-trees , a <unk> was mounting up to heaven , while pouring out her clear morning song . monte cristo ; “ has it not been agreed that i should take you with me , and did i not tell you yesterday to prepare for departure ? ” for bringing down a man in proper style . ” rue fontaine-saint-georges . my dear viscount , —the caprice of fortune ; that is the way in which these things are to be accounted for . ” ?	63.59709930419922
” of france , and claimed their right of commanding the army under the orders of the king ; but the cardinal , who feared that bassompierre , a huguenot at heart , might press but feebly the english and rochellais , his brothers in religion , supported the duc d ’ angoulême , whom the king , at his instigation , had named lieutenant general . arms of the count ; emmanuel embraced him as a guardian angel ; morrel again fell on his knees , and struck the ground with his forehead . we must have peace in the house ; and 100,000 francs for a lady and gentleman to be properly instructed in music and dancing are not too much . , my lord ?	82.91445922851562
the gascon , “ this is a promising beginning . ” , ” he cried , “ but the people have dashed the sentinels against the gates and they are now forcing the doors ; what are your commands ? ” said porthos , “ there ’ s phoebus ruined . ” he stooped and raised the stone easily in spite of its weight ; then , fitting it into its place , he said : try and overtake him ? ” was closed : , the queen felt certain , without knowing how to tell which , that one of her women had betrayed her . the anteroom and found the staircase , which , being <unk> , prevented his approach being heard , and he had	55.256961822509766
regained that degree of confidence that the presence of m. de villefort even would not have alarmed him . you mean by that question ? ” about me . ” and looked aghast at each other . <unk> raoul : on their arrival at <unk> he had perceived , hidden behind a screen of poplars , a little chateau which so vividly recalled that of la valliere to his mind that he halted for nearly ten minutes to gaze at it , and resumed his journey with a sigh too abstracted even to reply to olivain ’ s respectful inquiry about the cause of so much fixed attention . you , my dear aramis , for you are still the same ; you have still your beautiful dark	75.06580352783203
hair , still your elegant figure , still your feminine hands , which are admirably suited to a prelate . ” be , then , as you have said , monsieur d ’ artagnan ; we shall see each other again after the campaign . you everywhere ; there is a visitor in the drawing-room . ” he had the saddle which came from buckingham . in england . honor of an officer ; there is the half-pistole ; ” and he showed him the seductive coin , but did not give it him . the key of the room where he had hidden them , and accompanied by porthos returned to settle with mousqueton , who , naively , and like the worthy steward that he was	55.537784576416016
, handed them four hundred and thirty louis and kept one hundred for himself . entertainment being concluded pistache was desired to say what o ’ clock it was ; he was shown monsieur de chavigny ’ s watch ; it was then half-past six ; the dog raised and dropped his paw six times ; the seventh he let it remain <unk> . the president . coming out again ? ” at a gate of the palace with three musketeers behind him ; if we see a close carriage , at all suspicious in appearance , come out , let us fall upon it . to the count . upon his two hands , he pretended to sleep . <unk> i know his former <unk> i shall	112.94996643066406
not speak to him until the day after to-morrow . ” ” continued the king . either of the enemy ’ s numbers , or of those in command , or of the purpose of the army . each other , in whatever place it may be , ” said kitty , “ you will find me loving you as i love you today . ” said milady , coolly , “ such a woman may be found . ” to us to risk their lives for us ? her deep mourning dress , and morrel experienced such intense delight in gazing upon her that he felt as if he could almost have <unk> with the conversation of her grandfather . i mistrust women . , ” cried	42.13076400756836
he to whom this question was addressed . growing an old woman ! ” said the duchess , pensively . that this night a man will enter his house in the champs-élysées with the intention of carrying off some papers supposed to be in the secretaire in the dressing-room . , smiling with that painful expression which she knew so well how to give to her smile . cried the king . allow me to assure you that your blow was so well directed that you have nearly killed your man . ” , but in the other he only poured a few drops of the <unk> liquid . even my sister , is aware of its existence . what are you proposing ? ” athos and aramis	50.651084899902344
entered were obliged to give place to them . , was situated precisely the same as no . however , and this time on my word of <unk> think perhaps too <unk> i am in haste , great haste . old man ’ s eyes , which were raised towards heaven with an expression of infinite gratitude . brother is my brother , ” said edmond ; “ and we , mercédès and i , should be very sorry if he were absent at such a time . ” the theatres , at <unk> , or in any place of public resort . my words i do not mean they should convey , and give them no <unk> weight . ” ” cavalier with the curate . hours	61.401954650878906
after me , and doubtless he is now at home . ” ” said monte cristo coldly . yourself , my little benedetto , but just point out to me some means of gaining those thirty thousand francs without your assistance , and i will contrive it . ” bertuccio kept his own in his pocket , and merely jingled a few pieces of money . d ’ artagnan surrounded bicarat , and required him to surrender . him ? ” ” ” repeated milady , “ that man has , then , a spark of pity in his soul ; of that spark i will make a flame that shall devour him . excellency ’ s project ? ” and hoarse ; his face was furrowed with	59.950069427490234
wrinkles ; his eyes burned under the <unk> lids , and he tottered like a drunken man . he , “ edmond dantès . ” danglars , who , on his part , did not perceive how soon the conversation , which was at first disinterested , was turning to a business transaction , “ there is , doubtless , a part of your fortune your father could not refuse you ? ” a storm at sea , where the frail bark is tossed from the depths to the top of the wave . , who led him into a room almost under ground , whose bare and reeking walls seemed as though impregnated with tears ; a lamp placed on a stool illumined the apartment faintly ,	86.32279205322266
and showed dantès the features of his conductor , an <unk> , <unk> , and of sullen appearance . command me , that ’ s another thing , ” said bicarat . his eyes , it was the sign agreed on between him and valentine when he wanted anything . tell you at what idea i smiled ; you would hold me in <unk> ” to quit my uniform , and the jesuit entreated me to get him made a musketeer . ” ” hour , ” said maximilian in a gloomy voice , “ our name is dishonored ! ” from those of the editor of the other paper , <unk> it sometimes , we may say often , <unk> his intimate friend . doubt on that	61.87093734741211
score . ” redistributing project gutenberg™ electronic works majesty embarrassed , i shall conduct her to rueil , make her enter the orangery and show her a certain spring which turns a box . ” , brother-in-law of that <unk> . ” perfect calmness ; valentine looked at him a moment with her large , scrutinizing eyes , endeavoring not to let morrel discover the grief which struggled in her heart . , but extremely well made , and , like the men of the south , had small hands and feet . hired this fortnight , and there are none left but those absolutely requisite for <unk> . ” , but i will punish you here ! ” porthos , placing a finger on his lips .	77.39833068847656
dead , father , and it is probable that , with the aid of m. morrel , i shall have his place . his boot with his flexible cane . of sherry and a biscuit . nudge of the knee and porthos got up as if to stretch his legs and took care at the same time to ascertain that his sword could be drawn smoothly from the scabbard . me ? ” asked he . , and , having <unk> his master , assisted him to dress entirely in black . chapter how madame danglars went formally to announce to madame de villefort the approaching marriage of eugénie danglars and m. andrea cavalcanti . , i am <unk> father , faithful to his principles , having made	64.69712829589844
my elder brother a huguenot . ” thrown down as if there had been a struggle . he , “ the count and yourself recompense too generously a simple action . , either for his address or for his sensibility , whichever it might be termed . . my lord ; if there ’ s any fighting where i ’ m going , must i fight ? ” remember that the poor abbé , whom all the world called mad , was not so . grate in the lock ; he listened until the sound of steps died away , and then , hastily <unk> his bed , saw by the faint light that penetrated into his cell , that he had labored uselessly the previous evening in	93.4992904663086
attacking the stone instead of removing the plaster that surrounded it . effect , a violent trembling pervaded the old man ’ s limbs , his eyes opened until it was fearful to gaze upon them , he heaved a sigh which resembled a shriek , and then his convulsed body returned gradually to its former <unk> , the eyes remaining open . you command me , mercédès , i must die . ” to the teeth . perfectly easy , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ they will not touch a hair of your head . ” ” said morrel , looking out of the window . before yesterday . ” drawn , like that of a man who had just undergone some inward struggle .	58.19000244140625
? ” man , but at the fire which shot from his glance he bent his head ; then , embarrassed how to continue such a conversation , he opened cromwell ’ s letter . glad not to fight them until to-morrow . and they started at a gallop by the rue richelieu . ; be easy . ” said monte cristo , “ this is not all . ” he said , “ going out of this chamber isn ’ t all . ” ” continued beauchamp , “ to be able to exercise so much self-control ! ” de winter , “ provided i can find some of my good old friends of former times i will answer for anything . ” now are , we	39.798011779785156
must perish . de longueville , for whom the prince had more than a brother ’ s affection and in whom he had confided , had been indiscreet . don ’ t be angry , my boy ; you know well enough what it is to be unfortunate ; and misfortunes make us jealous . to finish . am a christian , ” stammered caderousse , “ you will make me die of fright ! ” was lost on porthos ; and at every one he uttered an exclamation which betrayed to his friend that he had not lost sight of the idea which possessed his brain . aramis stood still . athos , with his habitual exactitude , was waiting on the pont du louvre and was	51.07379913330078
almost immediately joined by lord de winter . , ” said the gentleman , drawing the paper from his pocket ; “ here it is . ” m. de tréville , fixing upon his compatriot a look so piercing that it might be said he wished to read the thoughts of his heart , “ on account of my old companion , your father , as i have said , i will do something for you , young man . <unk> bill for the <unk> francs , and at the other was a diamond as large as a hazel-nut , with these words on a small slip of parchment : <unk> ’ s <unk> . monte cristo “ these blazons prove that . ; do not be lost	41.607444763183594
with me . door , leading to the gallery , ready to rush out ; but he was stopped short , and he stood with his body a little thrown back , pale , and with the useless knife in his clenched hand . la fere and chevalier d ’ herblay , charles opened his eyes , and raising his noble head , in spite of himself , threw a glance at all the actors in the scene . that you will support the project gutenberg™ mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg™ works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the project gutenberg™ name associated with the work . interrupted the count , “ listen how <unk> duprez	42.008026123046875
is singing that line , — some greasy letters , and put in their place the bank-notes , and from the bag took two or three crowns of six livres each , which , in all probability , formed the entire fortune of the miserable couple . word from you has enlightened me more than twenty years of slow experience ; i have but you in the world , haydée ; through you i again take hold on life , through you i shall suffer , through you rejoice . ” ’ épinay ? ” isn ’ t contrary to the rules . ” avidity to these appalling <unk> and horrible paradoxes , delivered by the count with that ironical simplicity which was peculiar to him . occurred	109.8504638671875
to the duke . then ? ” , sat behind . countess g—— takes you for lord ruthven , my mother <unk> you to be cagliostro or the count saint-germain . m. de villefort ’ s promise ; and , besides , death in a boat from the hand of a gendarme seemed too terrible . baker , you might live as a bankrupt , using his privileges ; that would be very good . ” ’ standing could not have done more for us , or with a more perfect courtesy . ” guitant , i have often remarked that in addition to your courage , which is <unk> , and your fidelity , which is invincible , you possess an admirable memory . ” , beauchamp	67.35330200195312
steadily raised his eyes to albert ’ s countenance , and then as gradually lowering them , he remained thoughtful for a few moments . the voice which speaks to me in my dreams ; yes , i recognize the features of the angel who appears to me every night , crying to my soul , which can not sleep : ‘ strike , save england , save <unk> thou wilt die without having appeased god ! ’ speak , speak ! ” cried felton , “ i can understand you now . ” conversation is most interesting ; and as i wish to enjoy it as long as possible , steer for monte cristo . ” monte cristo placing his arms around the count , and leaning	59.42839431762695
with him over the front of the box , just as haydée , whose eyes were occupied in examining the theatre in search of her guardian , perceived his pale features close to morcerf ’ s face . contained : on his knees , leaning his head against the old man ’ s bed . of la rochelle , and the assassination of three of four thousand huguenots who allowed themselves to be killed , would resemble too closely , in 1628 , the <unk> of st. bartholomew in <unk> ; and then , above all this , this extreme measure , which was not at all repugnant to the king , good catholic as he was , always fell before this argument of the besieging <unk> rochelle	68.00755310058594
is impregnable except to famine . am a soldier and have to obey <unk> have taken an oath to obey , and i do obey ; but you who have taken no such oath , why are you here and what cause do you represent ? ” down the thames and in two hours are on the open sea . another , wherever they might happen to be , or rather where they could . ” said d ’ artagnan . that he recognized the young man who had questioned him . the count , “ do you still regret anything in the world , and yet die ? ” who possess more millions than you have deniers . do not think it is his right one .	55.75566101074219
” she intoxicated . door , and had not lost one word of this scene . his master , as the nubian entered the chamber , “ you have frequently explained to me how more than commonly skilful you are in throwing the lasso , have you not ? ” . ’ artagnan , athos , porthos , and aramis , went out close behind her . as softly as possible , kitty turned the key of the lock , and then d ’ artagnan opened the closet door . spot where had stood his bed , since then removed , and behind the bed the new stones indicated where the breach made by the abbé faria had been . nostrils dilated as if eager for the smell	72.4863052368164
of powder , and he panted like a horse . to keep off <unk> . ” ! ” cried milady , forgetting her usual presence of mind . ” who had discovered the disappearance of the <unk> , and was crying “ thieves ! ” and eat . ” maximilian ; “ particularly as i have business in that quarter . ” know them . : ‘ sire , you are deceived as to the feeling in france , as to the opinions of the towns , and the prejudices of the army ; he whom in paris you call the corsican ogre , who at nevers is styled the usurper , is already saluted as bonaparte at lyons , and emperor at grenoble . <unk> immediately .	63.68276596069336
” his heart with fresh emotion ; his first and most indelible recollections were there ; not a tree , not a street , that he passed but seemed filled with dear and cherished memories . so , ” was edmond ’ s reply , “ than suffer the inexpressible agonies which the slightest movement causes me . ” after having been elated by flattering hopes , it sees all its illusions destroyed . ’ t speak well of him . ” this discourse produce ? ” anxiously inquired albert . , ” said athos , “ and we are four ; an unlimited dinner for eight . dreamed of the very plan napoleon tried to realize in 1811 ; because , like machiavelli , i desired to	124.07623291015625
alter the political face of italy , and instead of allowing it to be split up into a quantity of petty principalities , each held by some weak or tyrannical ruler , i sought to form one large , compact , and powerful empire ; and , lastly , because i fancied i had found my cæsar borgia in a crowned simpleton , who feigned to enter into my views only to betray me . unprotected by copyright law in the united states and you are located in the united states , we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying , distributing , performing , displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed .	95.53121185302734
to be there in my pocket ; it speaks of his return , does it not , porthos ? ” d ’ artagnan , ” he said , “ prepare to set off for saint germain and take a letter from me to the queen . ” sir , ” replied andrea with a sigh , still more remarkable than the former ones . , porthos . , at the first signal . ” ” this noise of thunder , however much your majesty may have wished to continue playing , has said , ‘ go in , sire . , and entered the chamber , where he appeared to be expected . his friend , who had already begun a fresh pursuit . marseilles , that really	36.9273681640625
i believe that the respectable inhabitants will in time go without any clothing whatever . what i was the bearer of ? ” push the door , it was wide open . ten o ’ clock they anchored . can give you proofs . ” count de guiche a blush spread over the cheeks of the young princess and the queen glanced at her with some degree of severity . him ? ” a game with me which alarms me . , gentlemen , ” answered athos , gravely ; “ you are eating horse . ” was too natural an accident to excite suspicion . forget my purse ? ” , to remain here eternally ? ” demanded milady , with a certain terror . ? ”	58.88634490966797
that mazarin was the lover of anne of austria . to say to me ; i had risked my life and favor to see you but for a second . very well known in botany , but till the present time very rare among horses . ” such affairs are generally arranged when it is wished to do them <unk> : your two <unk> appoint a meeting , when the contract is signed , for the next or the following day ; then they exchange the two portions , for which they each give a receipt ; then , when the marriage is celebrated , they place the amount at your disposal as the chief member of the alliance . ” in the deepest despair at the blow	96.38764190673828
which deprived her of edmond . monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ the clock shows it . ” that there were gold and silver fish in the basin . his habitual smile . royal honors will be accorded to it . , ” replied aramis ; then bending his face down to athos ’ s ear , “ what is the object of this visit ? ” continued he . , sword in hand , ” said charles . but we then only risked our pistoles ; this time we risk our blood . was stationed the lawyer who was to conduct his defence , and who had been appointed by the court , for andrea disdained to pay any attention to those details ,	57.21506881713867
to which he appeared to attach no importance . many empty words , my dear sir , ” said morcerf : “ they might satisfy a new acquaintance , but the comte de morcerf does not rank in that list ; and when a man like him comes to another , recalls to him his <unk> word , and this man fails to redeem the pledge , he has at least a right to exact from him a good reason for so doing . ” imminent , the rioters came so near , uttering such threats , that the chancellor thought his last hour had come and confessed himself to his brother priest , so as to be all ready to die in case he was discovered .	94.29729461669922
notice of this incident ? ’ m. de morcerf turned pale , and clenched his hands on the papers he held . asked albert . , do you accept ? ” asked the cardinal . . said monte cristo ; “ when the valet de chambre came in just now , he told me of his arrival . ” are mistaken . <unk> , i hope . ” all , i tell you , and kill me ! ” didn ’ t you ? ” and he fell , rather than sat down , on one of the seats which surrounded the table . ” said raoul , “ as long as i possess the happiness of having you for a protector , shall i deem i have	29.507431030273438
the right of freeing myself from a guardianship so valuable to me . their bare swords ; he felt it was no longer to be a butchery , but a fight , and he resumed his usual good humor . the pavilion in which ten years later louis xiv . a man of middle height , of a haughty , proud mien ; with piercing eyes , a large brow , and a thin face , which was made still longer by a <unk> ( or <unk> , as it is now called ) , surmounted by a pair of mustaches . to-morrow evening . that of a christian , i knew ; but without doubt , that eternal enemy of our souls , that lion roaring constantly	86.6142578125
around us , breathed it into my mind . . ” athos , “ what are we to do with ourselves till evening ? visit athos . self-satisfaction which he had experienced the previous evening , and which had procured him so good a night ’ s rest . a tap at her window , and by the help of a flash of lightning she saw the face of a man appear behind the bars . . ” the walls ; then the trampling of horses and the clashing of steel were heard . the remark about the general , and no one had recognized in the officer who betrayed the castle of yanina the noble count in the house of peers . queen are my king and	63.13273239135742
queen , ” replied the musketeer , “ my life is theirs and i must give it for them . of his horse , and smoking his cigar at the entrance of the garden , when the count ’ s carriage stopped at the gate . it is neither you nor i . ” , motionless , and pale as a statue . ! ” cried tréville . ! horses ? ” said franz . red simar which occupied the wonted place was his no longer , was still more <unk> <unk> from the isolation which seemed , as we have observed , more appropriate to a phantom than a living <unk> the corridors deserted by courtiers , and courts crowded with <unk> that spirit of bitter ridicule	63.51054763793945
, which , arising from the streets below , penetrated through the very <unk> of the room , which resounded with the murmurs of a whole city leagued against the minister ; as well as from the distant and incessant sounds of guns <unk> off , happily , without other end or aim , except to show to the guards , the swiss troops and the military who surrounded the palais royal , that the people were possessed of arms . me ! eye moist with gratitude though beaming with joy , went back to athos , whom he found still at table contemplating the charms of his last glass of malaga by the light of his lamp . no hurry . subdued me—i have been here so	95.81300354003906
long . ” ” said the countess , reflecting . , and upon a sign from the cardinal , the officer retired . for grimaud . ” you , my friend. ” monte cristo expected a burst of passion , but he was deceived , for morrel turning round , said calmly , — ought to return to france ; your mission is accomplished , but ours is not . ” ” continued the executioner , without opening his eyes , as if he feared on opening them to see some frightful object , “ it is especially when night comes on and when i have to cross a river , that this terror which i have been unable to conquer comes upon me ; it then seems	60.112117767333984
as if my hand grew heavy , as if the cutlass was still in its grasp , as if the water had the color of blood , and all the voices of <unk> whispering of the trees , the murmur of the wind , the <unk> of the <unk> in a voice tearful , despairing , terrible , crying to me , ‘ place for the justice of god ! ’ ” positively , ‘ make a sacrifice unto the lord . ’ ” been stolen from you . ” interests that occupied her mind terrified milady , whose questions became more pressing . that not a <unk> doubt or suspicion lingers in your mind ? ” exclaimed the young couple . standing motionless before the awful sight	89.94290161132812
which d ’ artagnan , in raising the shutters , had disclosed to them through the narrow opening of the window . d ’ artagnan , “ though i shall not have you , athos , at all events i shall have that dear <unk> head by me ; and though he ’ s but a boy , yet , since your soul lives again in him , dear athos , i shall always fancy that you are near me , sustaining and encouraging me . ” that monte cristo smiled , not with the strange and fearful expression which had sometimes revealed to him the secrets of his heart , but with the benevolent kindness of a father for a child . place ; he who had	63.15961837768555
just abandoned 5,000,000 endeavored to save the 50,000 francs he had left , and sooner than give them up he resolved to enter again upon a life of <unk> was <unk> by the <unk> that is a <unk> of madness . case , my dear valentine , you must yourself have felt , or at all events will soon feel , the effects of his presence . replace your pistols in your belt . ” ” cried the gascon from the door , “ we must set out in ten minutes ; give the horses some hay . ” the rue tiquetonne with porthos , still possessed by the wish to find out who the man was that he had killed . dresses as nobody else can ,	70.74253845214844
” said porthos . <unk> , ’ tis said , was your <unk> , but you preferred killing him ; ’ tis well ; we , that is , monsieur du vallon and i , could have killed our <unk> preferred taking them . ” said gondy ; “ such men are like <unk> recognizes them only when they have struck . ” , say no more about it and let us prepare to submit to destiny . ” and how easy i am here . ’ artagnan so satisfactory that he no further insisted ; and about eight o ’ clock in the evening , the time when the <unk> of night begin to thicken in the streets , he left the hotel de la chevrette ,	53.60135269165039
and followed by planchet set forth from the capital by way of the saint denis gate . the next day they met again . the curate , “ this gentleman and i have come to talk with you a little . ” to the court ; some to witness the sight , others to comment upon it . time they had reached the thickest part of the forest . monsieur bernajoux , ” said d ’ artagnan , tranquilly , “ i will wait for you at the door . ” <unk> which were tolerated in the time of the emperor , but which are not suffered now , for the people here do not like soldiers of such <unk> conduct . ’ the left , and you	50.27001190185547
are looking to the right ; i mean on my <unk> , there . to spare a father ’ s feelings , or a mother ’ s sensibility , is not to do a good action , but a simple deed of humanity . ” and the four musketeers were ready , but he looked around in vain for his friend . wait , ” replied morrel ; “ and i will wait . ” auteuil was talked of everywhere . action to be performed , monsieur , and much money to be gained at the same time . ” running about with torches . ” vessel with their eyes as long as it remained visible ; they then turned their <unk> upon her probable destination . been	51.56410598754883
separated from his son , and almost at the hour of his arrest , he breathed his last in mercédès ’ arms . draw my sword , but i took him who offended me round the body , and threw him out of the window . not at this moment at least . ” . ” , mercédès , poor and lone as you are , you suit me as well as the daughter of the first shipowner or the richest banker of marseilles ! you say ? ” , an officer in the guards , on duty at the donjon of vincennes . ” the banker , “ things are constantly <unk> in the world to induce us to lay aside our most established opinions , or	54.517295837402344
at all events to cause us to <unk> them according to the change of circumstances , which may have placed affairs in a totally different light to that in which we at first viewed them . ” can place me in one of the provinces with some lady of your <unk> your own country , for instance . ” the countess to pieces ; he tied her hands behind her , and hanged her on a tree . ” his eminence ; “ under certain circumstances , with that strong and shrewd mind your majesty possesses , aided by your friends , you were able to repel the attacks of that adversary . ” and a half , which , for the time , argued a very extensive	79.7662353515625
<unk> . morrel with a feeling of selfish joy ; for he thought this death would cause the wedding to be postponed <unk> . . ” said the young man . method i have adopted with this boy is decidedly the best . ” holy spirit will come as a tongue of fire to open the doors of my prison ? ” ? ” asked athos . of no use to you in this world , henrietta , ” said the lady , turning around . secretary . ” , ” said athos , more and more convinced that he who interrogated them had the right to do so . gentle and docile as lambs . ” the dress of yonder chap . do you remember that the	50.276329040527344
5th of <unk> ” that side , ” said buckingham , turning toward d ’ artagnan . armentières . ” , but it appears to me that that name is familiar to me . ” st. valery , he found a horse quite ready and awaiting him . against this accusation ; he simply wrote , <unk> to be <unk> , edmond , ” she continued . s proposition he instantly winked his eyes . a hundred times better thus ? ” cried eugénie , smoothing the scattered curls of her hair , which had now quite a masculine appearance ; “ and do you not think me handsomer so ? ” that i was ignorant of that , madame . ” rabbit , and the next day	42.026920318603516
was a dead hen . ” said d ’ artagnan , bowing to the officer . and rochefort went hastily out of the apartment . of a flash of lightning which gleamed along the horizon , the road stretched itself before them , white and solitary ; the flash extinct , all remained in darkness . sir , are at my disposal and i choose to dispose of them as i like . ” in <unk> upon paris and parisian matters , speaking to the countess of the various persons they both knew there . , in truth , as coming on the part of the marechal de grammont ; but being wounded in the right arm he was unable to write and therefore the count de guiche	51.763526916503906
acted as his secretary . ” lightning . the sea , and was dragged into its depths by a thirty-six-pound shot tied to his feet . sea should become dry , as in the days of <unk> , and even then my vessels would become caravans . ” artagnan could nudge porthos with his knee and make signs with his eyes to athos and aramis . ! ” , the second point cleared up , or nearly so , ” said eugénie , without the least confusion , and with that masculine <unk> which distinguished her gesture and her language ; “ and you appear satisfied with the explanation . , he did not , however , lose sight of him , and when the curtain fell at	73.6820297241211
the end of the second act , he saw him leave the orchestra with his two friends . she stopped . so , ” said tréville , “ we are . ” to entertain a parcel of country <unk> because they think and vote with us , we should never dream of dining at home , i assure you . ” the <unk> of your cellars are guarded , and i could say to you , as that good la ramee said to me of the duc de beaufort , you must be either bird or mouse to get out . ” us , ” said m. de tréville . that the grave-digger had found the object of his search . lips the repast that , like a	48.30198287963867
voluntary <unk> , he refused himself ; but he thought of his oath , and he would not break it . the parcel which he had desired bernouin to place under the seat . you <unk> last night , my young master ? said aramis . ” here , gentlemen ? ” said château-renaud , shaking hands with each of them . doubt my <unk> ” true , ” said de guiche ; “ i had forgotten it . ” at the table and began to play . disturb you , i have enough for two . ” was again ordered , and this time it went to the rue fontaine-saint-georges , and stopped at no . in this unconscious state i know not , when i was	39.715782165527344
suddenly aroused by the report of a pistol , followed by a fearful cry . do , my dear diplomatist , ” replied morcerf , with a slight degree of irony in his voice , “ if you did nothing ? yes , ” said the old man ’ s eye . the point , ” whispered the governor . old to risk that , ” said the englishman . in the army one regiment on which you can implicitly rely ? ” , monsieur . ” to say to me that your majesty could not say yourself ? ” . ” mercédès , with her arms extended towards the count , “ since i first knew you , i have adored your name , have respected your	37.34653854370117
memory . ” like a true mercer , not being at all a military man , as he himself informed us . to the count ’ s forehead as this thought passed through his mind . , that i was just nineteen when i was arrested , the 28th of february , 1815 . ” sending him to join his boon companions . with going to fetch the duke and conducting him to the louvre , was abducted . see , ” said aramis . to the river was covered with snow and <unk> , the water of the river looked black and deep . the wounded man and you had time to observe him , and perhaps you would know him again were you to meet him	49.82960891723633
. ” look at him well , that his face may not be forgotten , for this evening he is going to render us a great service . ” require a permit , for the island is uninhabited . ” the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . less true that that letter— ” wine , and <unk> . government a million of francs for his release ; the second , two ; the third , three ; and so on <unk> . . paris ? ” asked athos , quickly . , fine spoil ! ” said peppino in italian , and taking danglars by the collar of his	35.274200439453125
coat he dragged him to an opening resembling a door , through which they entered the apartment which the captain appeared to have made his <unk> . , that you may be mistaken . ” sire , to intercede for her with your majesty . ” is not a good thing . the conversation , which had become interesting during the discussion of such serious affairs , lasted till one o ’ clock in the morning . the count ’ s hand so warmly , that monte cristo could not be mistaken as to the sincerity of his joy , and he saw that he had been expected with impatience , and was received with pleasure . beauchamp haughtily , “ there are occasions when probity <unk> ”	51.974365234375
” said a sailor of a frank and manly appearance ; “ and it was time , for you were sinking . ” his friends of both <unk> , in that strange costume . , my lord , ” said la ramee , “ for i directed him to come . ” me the honor to say , i presume you mean i was afraid ? ” , sir , that you are mistaken . cemented by the hand of time , with his pickaxe . those sudden inspirations which only people of genius receive in great <unk> , in supreme moments which are to decide their fortunes or their lives . a thing for poor anne of austria that at this announcement , as the cardinal had	57.3605842590332
predicted , the last trace of her resentment disappeared , if not from her heart , at least from her countenance . would be on his way . de winter , “ i am at this moment as poor as he is , if not <unk> . or three years i had allowed myself some respite . said the doctor to barrois . eminence be reassured . victims alarmed him ; he could not bear solitude shared only by two corpses . negligence and severely scolded . d ’ artagnan ; “ the light no longer <unk> in yonder window . ” ? ” hand , ” he said . waiting for him ; neither in the antechamber , nor in the corridor , nor beneath the great	61.1362419128418
door . , ” athos resumed , “ of porthos ; have you persuaded him to seek his fortune ? give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . ” cried he , springing up , “ is it really you ? informs us of a fact of which until now we had remained in ignorance . i assure you such is not the case . ” said buckingham , “ or i will call my attendant , and have you placed in <unk> . ” room , and presently returned , bringing with him a small casket . although such a genius , could never have done that . ” i heard his	40.83226013183594
sobs , and i could not resist my desire to go up to him , but when i reached his door he was no longer weeping but praying . repeated bradshaw . with the ceremony , so that neither the chariot nor the precautions taken by those who were within it had been observed . horrible spectacle . eyes expressively , which we may remember was his only way of expressing his <unk> . the governor of algeria ; he has a royal heart , and is essentially a soldier ; i will tell him my gloomy story . offer your adieux and mine to madame de saint-remy . a state of fury , crossed the antechamber at three bounds , and was darting toward the stairs ,	88.28685760498047
which he reckoned upon descending four at a time , when , in his <unk> course , he ran head foremost against a musketeer who was coming out of one of m. de tréville ’ s private rooms , and striking his shoulder violently , made him utter a cry , or rather a <unk> . ? ” asked a voice . ! ” said he . promise made to the abbé , dantès spoke no more of escape . i will be there . ” cross over the spot , but it had fallen down and the grave-digger had burnt it , as he did all the old wood in the <unk> . have brought from elba , and pass your word you will appear should you	73.95122528076172
be required , and go and rejoin your friends . woman , and still more , a mother . , ” said du tremblay ; “ i am sent for to sign the release of a prisoner . the hôtel of m. de tréville ; his visit of the day before , it is to be remembered , had been very short and very little <unk> . the hotel du grand charlemagne . d ’ artagnan , “ we don ’ t now make war as we did formerly . ” said aramis , taking a small key from his breast and opening a little ebony box inlaid with mother of pearl , “ here it is . in the hands of the guards , who led him	38.052635192871094
, while awaiting further orders , to a little terrace commanding the sea ; and then the baron hastened to the duke ’ s chamber . aramis , “ through an infamous act of treason . ” it to him . ” me clouds which pressed my brow , which veiled my eyes ; this was delirium . death ! ” said she , lowering her voice and her eyelids , “ oh , death , rather than shame ! d ’ artagnan . to be accused of treason ! , sir . ” struck , he entered with a <unk> air , attended by two of the most <unk> and <unk> of his boon companions . downstairs , sir , ” replied the valet . circumstance ,	42.868690490722656
and suspecting that something was going on in france of which it was necessary he should be informed , he only took the time to inquire where the messenger was , and recognizing from afar the uniform of the guards , he put his horse into a gallop , and rode straight up to d ’ artagnan . he , “ you are aware that valentine is about to enter her nineteenth year , which renders it important that she should lose no time in forming a suitable alliance . and hardened by the constant sight of so much suffering , was yet a man . ” said monte cristo with a searching look . ” that , i have made inquiries respecting the <unk> and <unk> ,	49.820735931396484
and my calculations are made . slander me ? ” the two friends , who set off , full gallop . cromwell ; “ you have done , since i knew you , not only your duty , but more than your duty ; you have been a faithful friend , a cautious negotiator , a brave soldier . ” order to prevent a smile . speak of ? artagnan became more cautious also . never had the happiness of pressing his hand , ” continued maximilian . french , on seeing the four friends return at such a step , uttered cries of enthusiasm . ; the carriages could not move about ; but the masks were visible behind the windows , the carriages , and the	53.568443298339844
doors . and examining the smallest object with serious attention , he thought he could trace , on certain rocks , marks made by the hand of man . can do will be to certify the truth of the contents of your <unk> ” and , sitting down , villefort wrote the certificate at the bottom . shoulders and they proceeded . you find me so ignorant a _cicerone_ , ” replied morcerf , “ but i am reluctantly obliged to confess , i have nothing further to <unk> , stay , i do know one thing more , namely , that she is a musician , for one day when i chanced to be breakfasting with the count , i heard the sound of a <unk> is	77.05431365966797
impossible that it could have been touched by any other finger than her own . ” ? ” said the jailer . ” the three men , who were dressed as cavaliers . was public , and everyone is already talking of it . ” deeply than before . to dispose of all ? ” a cavalier mounted on a magnificent black horse , who was charging at the head of the english regiment , of which , in his ardor , he was ten steps in advance . one evening sought a quarrel with him on the pont neuf , opposite the samaritaine . ” convinced you . said d ’ artagnan , who , as we have often said , never stumbled at anything . compassion	43.2947998046875
he showed for her misfortunes , produced the effect they always produce on noble <unk> had always had a sincere regard for fernand , and this was now strengthened by gratitude . he added to aramis , who had moved to leave the room . the bastile ceased , as he crossed the threshold , to be a <unk> became a number . the queen , blushing , “ never speak of that evening . ” . ” ? ” then in a low voice morrel added , — “ this delay is not natural . that condemnation , it filled them with grief . exclaimed he . door to him herself . the abbé ’ s reception day ; people went there in crowds . him ,	76.38001251220703
raoul quickly understood that the two friends wished to be alone and he therefore left the room <unk> . from her own admission knew milady culpable of treachery in matters more important , and could entertain no respect for her . musketeer dressed and ready to go out . ordered you to england and that monsieur d ’ artagnan is waiting for you in the stables . ” he , guessing franz ’ s thought , “ i know this is a serious matter . ” i believe they <unk> count of monte cristo . ” waiting for our turns . ” , kitty ? ” the prince at the head of the column . said the queen ; “ you and your friend are worth an army	58.060096740722656
. ” and he went on before , followed by athos and aramis . and determined to venture everything in order to see valentine once more , and be certain of the misfortune he feared , morrel gained the edge of the clump of trees , and was going to pass as quickly as possible through the <unk> , when the sound of a voice , still at some distance , but which was borne upon the wind , reached him . a more attentive ear than the first , and she heard their steps die away in the distance of the corridor . visible in the horizon , the waves whitened , a light played over them , and gilded their foaming <unk> with gold . ?	56.12191390991211
” asked milady . , that ’ s right , dantès ! taken , imprisoned , interrogated , confronted , confounded , condemned , and cut off by <unk> or steel ; or if she be a woman of any consideration , they lock her up for life . _fêtes_ are over ; the italian opera is in london ; the french opera everywhere except in paris . the pen in the ink , and wrote the following lines upon a sheet of paper : the cardinal , “ you have heard me ? noticed him ? ” . year the governor was transferred ; he had obtained charge of the fortress at ham . ! —it would be necessary to prove what tribunal had imposed it on	86.3525161743164
me , and i could have made a public appeal to all the tribunals of the kingdom ; but the brand of france ! —oh , by that , by <unk> i was branded indeed ! ” us some ill turn ? took out a purse . let us go . ” sure . ” for me ? the crew of _la jeune amélie_ , —it was one of her regular haunts . you are inclined to utter such <unk> , ” interrupted aramis . gestures , that that was well , and indicated to grimaud , by pointing to a <unk> that resembled a <unk> <unk> , that he was to stand as sentinel . ? when d ’ artagnan made such a furious <unk> at him	68.27268981933594
that if he had not sprung nimbly backward , it is probable he would have jested for the last time . before , but subdued by these words , snapped the serpent blade between his hands , and then folding his arms , stood trembling with rage . was worth seven thousand livres ? ” the baroness . ? ” said the count . gentlemen ! me any more ? ” , at present , but quitting paris , as i told you , as soon as possible . dwell upon her with the same expression . not to refuse you afterward . words about the young greek girl . ” wait , ” said louis xviii . had never felt any remorse . to you . ”	43.21874237060547
. , a campaign upon which we are now entering ? ” a meeting on thursday last in this very room , did you not ? ” am going to the queen . ” understand everything , even the hidden sources of knowledge , —and who <unk> the part of a guardian angel upon earth , and could not even find an antidote to a poison administered to a young girl ! opera yesterday ? ” will grant me no more , i must be content with what you give me . the eyes of spada was that of his nephew , in full costume , and cæsar borgia paying him most marked attentions . see . loved ! ” this bouquet . ” subterranean passage , leading	82.6595687866211
under the street to a grotto in the garden of a house about a hundred yards from that of the future protector . cardinal ? ; of which we each of us ate a slice with a hearty appetite . dear love , adieu ! ” might not be considered a large sum , in paris especially , ” said the count ; “ but everything does not depend on wealth , and it is a fine thing to have a good name , and to occupy a high station in society . , monsieur , ” replied julie ; “ but we have also known unhappiness , and few have ever undergone more bitter sufferings than ourselves . ” must be so severely punished by the loss	74.45173645019531
of your love that he stands in need of no other chastisement . ” valentine , “ i will do all i can to live , for there are two beings who love me and will die if i <unk> grandfather and maximilian . ” me . baseness , but at the same time with the assurance , of a man who speaks the truth , at least in part , if not <unk> for conscience ’ sake , but through fear . you—i , who have never loved anyone but my <unk> who have met with nothing but traitors and impious men . paris on hearing of the flight to saint germain , was that sort of affright which seizes children when they awake in the night	78.39888763427734
and find themselves alone . livres are his civil list , and are as essential to him as the twelve millions of a king . recognized , and porthos who was boring a hole through the wall . that ? ” shore , took him on board , and conveyed him to a yacht splendidly fitted up , on whose deck he sprung with the activity of a sailor ; thence he once again looked towards morrel , who , weeping with joy , was shaking hands most cordially with all the crowd around him , and thanking with a look the unknown benefactor whom he seemed to be seeking in the skies . monsieur de rochefort , shall have the post of confidence ; you shall go	86.78466796875
to vincennes , where monsieur de beaufort is confined ; you will guard him well for me . to recover from his surprise , and , moreover , returned look for look , not even taking his eyes off him . andrea . he , “ is it not strange ? ” and he pointed out to d ’ artagnan the scratch he had remembered . rochefort , ” he said . ” , then , you came to seek ? ” doctor ! ” ! oxen ? ” fly ! said charles , “ kings can not yield ; the man alone <unk> to force . ” ” replied villefort , “ that my father , led away by his passions , has committed some fault unknown	47.347076416015625
to human justice , but marked by the justice of god . anne , following the train of her own thoughts on such occasions , “ one regrets paris ! ” most execrable morning ’ s work . ” host , ” cried d ’ artagnan . and presented himself here as the emissary of the cardinal , and in an hour or two a carriage will come to take me away by the orders of his eminence . ” , a private individual , to <unk> a queen from her kingdom . at that name the young man stopped ? ” porthos . were you not at whitehall ? ” fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works provided that :	43.741493225097656
my death was suicide ; and yet it is important for the honor of my memory , —and this surely is not vanity , but a <unk> pride , —it is important the world should know that i have consented , by my free will , to stop my arm , already raised to strike , and that with the arm which has been so powerful against others i have struck myself . porthos . protection of the town was given up to the turks by a french officer named fernand , in whom the grand vizier , ali tepelini , had reposed the greatest confidence . ” wish to see all relating to the poor abbé , who really was gentleness itself . ” ” said a	78.23878479003906
light-horseman , with a glass of brandy in his hand , which he sipped slowly . despair on the journey ? prince died one day because they had put him into a butt of <unk> . cristo is a strange man , ” said emmanuel . has given an heir to the crown of france . ” ” cried harrison , regardless of his illustrious captive , “ let us be off . ” much or too little ; speak , madame . of bethune in an access of passion , but now his fury is assuaged . ” soldiers who had abandoned him occurred to his mind , and with them he remembered the assassins of two evenings before . mazarin ; “ they told me that	68.28772735595703
you were the man i wanted . punctuality ! ” said andrea , throwing himself into a chair in a manner which implied that he would rather have flung it at the head of his host . the contrary , and that proof we are ready to give to your majesty , calling in support of it the august widow weeping in the louvre , where your royal munificence has provided for her a home . a rival of yours , for which he was severely punished ; that ought to satisfy you . ” famous luigi vampa . ” a tremble , supported herself upon her chair to avoid falling . , foreseeing such an event , had kept his eye on him , sprang toward him	79.43560028076172
, caught him in his arms , and assisted him to his chamber . ? ” they had left it . , a small cap upon your head of the same color as your robe , and in that cap a heron ’ s feather . wrote ! ” s a long job , monsieur . ” , some chambermaid with whom i have <unk> in some garrison ? , you are in the hands of god ! ” dantès , holding out his hand , “ i thank you again . ” ’ t return ; and if he should , he will be told that i have brought a woman with me , and that woman is in his apartment . ” ” , and shrugged	30.990028381347656
his shoulders ; he did not even laugh at what would have caused anyone else to do so ; he had heard so many utter the same things , <unk> , he heard nothing else . your cabin . wish me to name any one who was mixed up in the <unk> of that day ? ” ; he has , i believe , two hundred thousand francs in morrel ’ s hands , and if there be any grounds for apprehension , as this is a greater amount than mine , you will most probably find him better informed than myself . ” an instant of repose . , always laughing , joking , <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> with a small switch . before her , awaiting	62.671844482421875
her words as if to devour them . each other ; they began to comprehend . his aid ; his energetic spirit , that would have exalted in thus <unk> the past , was imprisoned like an eagle in a cage . have three shots at you , and you will get as many from the cellar . do you not ? ” as possible near me , to hear your eloquent speech , —which <unk> my mind , <unk> my soul , and makes my whole frame capable of great and terrible things , if i should ever be free , <unk> fills my whole existence , that the despair to which i was just on the point of yielding when i knew you , has no	75.03520202636719
longer any hold over me ; and <unk> is my <unk> chimerical , but actual . be on the alert by land , whilst the governor pursues me by sea . <unk> understand me , d ’ artagnan—a court . ” your twelve hundred francs ? ” said he to caderousse . handsome , i was dragged into a snare . , ” replied the young man , confused . that there is still danger for you , since a single word makes you tremble ; and you confess that if that word were heard you would be ruined . fere will not do you the honor of fighting with you . murmured d ’ artagnan , “ look well at that priest . ” he retired into	55.4000358581543
his room without even asking the cause of so much noise . it with that tone , do you , master gascon ? the depths of my heart , ” said the young man , taking the spoon from the hands of monte cristo . be in the ante-chamber when the cardinal called me , by the merest chance . , so hated by his master , has descended into the tomb , drawing after him the king , whom he would not leave alone on earth , lest his work should be destroyed . he , “ dear valentine , you must not speak <unk> let me die . . ” any idea of it without having seen it . , the father did not say ,	44.7795295715332
“ thank you , my child , ” nor did the daughter smile at her father . drew his sword , and placed himself in the way . in the morning somebody endeavored to open the door ; but as planchet awoke in an instant and cried , “ who goes there ? ” somebody replied that he was mistaken , and went away . horror . he will add , ‘ we are warranted in believing that this fernand is not the illustrious count of morcerf , who also bears the same christian name . ’ ” require ? ” he would consider a little thing like that ? ” me so <unk> <unk> ? ” asked the young greek . replied harrison . thousand francs .	56.970951080322266
” to milady the full extent of the space she had opened for herself by this single word . however , as he could perceive no threatening object , as nothing indicated that he ran any real danger , as the bench was comfortably covered with a <unk> cushion , as the wall was ornamented with a beautiful <unk> leather , and as large red damask curtains , fastened back by gold clasps , floated before the window , he perceived by degrees that his fear was exaggerated , and he began to turn his head to the right and the left , <unk> and downward . his cheek , placed his hand before his mouth , turned his head , and sent a long jet of <unk>	70.59854125976562
into the antechamber , advanced his foot , balanced himself , and began . cold and calm as athos , frightened him . do the rest of his time ? ” my income . ” d ’ artagnan , “ but as he is a thoughtful young man he promised to send four expert workmen in his place to help those already at the scaffold , and wrote the moment he was brought home to master tom lowe , an assistant carpenter and friend of his , to go down to whitehall , with three of his friends . which , on the contrary , i am not acquainted . said monte cristo , rubbing his elbow , “ it ’ s all your servant ’ s fault	73.08712005615234
; your stairs are so polished , it is like walking on glass . ” very well , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but i am tired of fearing when i open a fresh bottle that the wine may come from the cellar of milady . ” my own brother ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , as if carried away by his enthusiasm . witness , at whose feet i have <unk> myself daily for the last ten years , that i would have sacrificed my life to you , and with my life the projects that were <unk> linked with it . to foot and smiled when he discovered that in spite of the blow he had administered to parry ’ s brother ,	47.81682205200195
he was not nearly so strong as himself . the master ’ s care , and went and lay down in his hammock ; but , in spite of a sleepless night , he could not close his eyes for a moment . ? ” , ” she murmured , and waited , in the assurance that this was but a dream , for the man to disappear or assume some other form . had made upon him after the dinner at auteuil , and then the visit the abbé had himself paid to his house on the day of valentine ’ s death . , monsieur , ” continued the latter , “ we have led the most miserable life imaginable ; for you must know ,	44.280494689941406
monsieur , that all our provisions are in the cellar . a host but a hostess who received him . , d ’ artagnan , in order to have more freedom for his actions , leaned half out of the door ; his eyes were fixed upon those of the mendicant , which were lighted up by a lantern . same thing does not happen to you in selling the diamond you feared with the gold . ” , ’ cried the men ; ‘ keep your innocent stories to tell to the judge at nîmes . a pretty mule , ” said porthos ; “ you are right , i have seen very great spanish nobles whose whole suite were mounted on <unk> . for not calling	67.65706634521484
him by the honorable name which no doubt he bears , but we do not know that name ) , monsieur your friend , having disabled two men with his pistols , retreated fighting with his sword , with which he disabled one of my men , and stunned me with a blow of the flat side of it . ” as the two friends approached to enter , they showed them every kind of civility , thinking them <unk> from the royal party and wishing to bind them to their own . , blushed like a rose , and leaned against the baluster . madame de villefort is not here ? ” ” said monte cristo “ this spectacle is neither strange to my eye nor my	70.24856567382812
thought . officer , ” said athos ; “ but we were ignorant with whom we had to do , and you may see that we were keeping good guard . ” upon a sofa , with his hand pressed upon the wound . d ’ artagnan , piqued , “ and thanks to my eyes , i can see what other people can not see . ” ; there is a god , ” said monte cristo , “ of whom you are a striking proof , as you lie in utter despair , denying him , while i stand before you , rich , happy , safe and entreating that god in whom you endeavor not to believe , while in your heart you still believe	51.54494094848633
in him . ” pierrefonds he was at saint germain . fair , ” said the seaman who had saved dantès ; “ for you know more than we do . ” to d ’ artagnan . <unk> person named charlotte backson , branded by the justice of the kingdom of france , but liberated after chastisement . well ? ” thought porthos , “ this is poor work . of debray , château-renaud , and beauchamp . , i gave him absolution in articulo mortis . something warm , which moved . lost . porthos , “ i speak french and they are all english . ” eaten than he felt thirsty ; he had forgotten that . cried she , “ is it you ? d	72.94729614257812
’ artagnan entered the courtyard of the palace , in the coadjutor ’ s carriage , and a few seconds later the carriages of the <unk> drove out and the gates were shut after them . to a painful and disgraceful punishment is no impediment to beauty , but it is an obstacle to the recovery of power . stopped at saint germain . ” , and not the prefect , who returned to the house of m. de villefort . what you tell me recalls to mind something about the name of fernand mondego . hear in bitter poverty . young men had become fraternal . instead of answering , growled out “ ja ! better in the grottos ? ” determined to put an end to	59.251121520996094
all these petty intrigues of policy and love . the cardinal , beginning to feel more comfortable . continued he , patting edmond ’ s shoulder kindly , “ you did very right , dantès , to follow captain leclere ’ s instructions , and touch at elba , although if it were known that you had conveyed a packet to the marshal , and had conversed with the emperor , it might bring you into trouble . ” to have a mute in my service , so learning the day his tongue was cut out , i went to the bey , and proposed to give him for ali a splendid <unk> gun , which i knew he was very desirous of having . humility he possessed	91.9993896484375
into his eyes and voice , he addressed the inspector , and sought to inspire him with pity . , then upon both . a gallant old general , who , in <unk> , had sung <unk> pour la <unk> , — “ we will not go alone to the garden . ” he , “ i will read to the bottom of your soul whenever you like ; don ’ t let that disturb you. ” and he gave her a kiss at which the poor girl became as red as a <unk> . your departure , and never despair of us . say , ” continued she , excited by her own words , “ rather than give up this infamous broussel to them i will	68.85430145263672
strangle him with my own hands ! ” the room in which the musketeers were , and found porthos playing an earnest game of dice with aramis . deceived , ” murmured the magistrate ; “ come and see her , and on her bed of agony entreat her pardon for having suspected her . ” such deep anguish , with an accent of such intense despair , that monte cristo could not restrain a sob . my aunt , consequently my cousin ; you come from noyon , in picardy ; you have several <unk> and no attorney . rest ? franz , “ this ambrosia , no doubt , in passing through mortal hands has lost its heavenly appellation and assumed a human name ; in	94.75492858886719
vulgar phrase , what may you term this composition , for which , to tell the truth , i do not feel any particular desire ? ” , he forbade him to leave his service without his permission . march , and at the end of two hours perceived a considerable body of horsemen about half a league ahead . rose to the surface of the sea , while the shot dragged down to the depths the sack that had so nearly become his shroud . done you the honor to remain here ? ” , ” said franz . . to us by <unk> . this morning , my lord , and i am mounted provisionally on my lackey ’ s . ” up to the last	62.852935791015625
moment . ” of <unk> in grecian <unk> . about it . ” that necessary task . her . ? ” said dantès , turning pale , and looking alternately at the hollow cheeks of the old man and the empty cupboards . be a musketeer or an abbé . yes , my lord . ” mercédès , “ if it were so , if i possessed <unk> , but without the power to render that will efficacious , it would drive me to despair . ” day or night you may present yourself , remember that i shall be ready to give you absolution . ” this passage , the depth of which it was impossible to measure , he saw appear , first the head ,	39.55739974975586
then the shoulders , and lastly the body of a man , who sprang lightly into his cell . a man double his age ? ” interrupted tréville . bridles of their horses to their lackeys and rid themselves of their cloaks when a man approached them , and after looking at them for an instant by the doubtful light of the lantern hung in the centre of the courtyard he uttered an exclamation of joy and ran to embrace them . maximilian , “ i have often been almost tempted to attribute to him the gift of prophecy ; at all events , he has a wonderful power of <unk> any future good . ” continue the struggle ; if beaten , i am lost . with	65.84151458740234
one hand , whose trembling he did not even attempt to conceal , to read : different feelings : that of porthos , tranquillity ; that of d ’ artagnan , hope ; that of aramis , uneasiness ; that of athos , carelessness . every night in france . ” porthos , “ mutton again ? ” resources , and he then turned to god . <unk> him have it , ’ she said . . , ” he exclaimed , “ thou who hast given me liberty , knowledge , riches ; thou who , like beings of a superior order to ourselves , <unk> understand the science of good and evil ; if in the depths of the tomb there still remain something within us	102.48513793945312
which can respond to the voice of those who are left on earth ; if after death the soul ever revisit the places where we have lived and suffered , —then , noble heart , sublime soul , then i conjure thee by the paternal love thou didst bear me , by the filial obedience i vowed to thee , grant me some sign , some revelation ! let us go to your friend ’ s house . looked towards noirtier . all the strength i possessed to force an entrance from the cramped spot in which i lay to the adjoining room . his <unk> watch before the door , the road on which he so eagerly strained his sight was void and lonely as a desert	179.70045471191406
at midday . castle they learned that buckingham and the king were hawking in the marshes two or three leagues away . haste , took out the horse that he had ridden on the previous evening , saddled and bridled it himself and led the animal into the alley to the right of the kitchen-garden , opened a side door which conducted him to a bridle road , shut it after him , and d ’ artagnan saw him pass by like a dart , bending , as he went , beneath the <unk> flowery branches of <unk> and <unk> . us so much trouble and kept us on the road so much ; you gave him three <unk> in three separate engagements . ” previous evening from	82.16250610351562
the <unk> <unk> to the little church of <unk> maria del popolo , had passed the night , each accompanied by two priests , in a chapel closed by a grating , before which were two sentinels , who were relieved at intervals . wait patiently , then . ” were talking with over there ? ” she asked . expression of cupidity as the flickering lamp revealed in those two countenances . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ supposing that he lives , that he comes to paris ; we have seen many other such . came from a neighboring carriage , and which , while it covered morcerf and his two companions with dust , pricked his neck and that portion of his face	72.33625030517578
uncovered by his mask like a hundred pins , incited him to join in the general combat , in which all the masks around him were engaged . , madame , that i have any hostile intentions against your son ? ” congratulated herself upon having fallen into the hands of her brother-in-law , with whom she reckoned she could deal very easily , rather than into the hands of an acknowledged and intelligent enemy . on the road and hastened on , that they might not fail at the appointed place . franz to him ; “ there is the beginning of an adventure . ” a plan . have probably one or two friends ? ” him at la grêve , it could scarcely be worth	82.63189697265625
while to gag him , as they had nearly reached the place of execution . monte cristo “ it seems to me this was nothing but murder and robbery . ” ; favorable yesterday , she may turn her back tomorrow . ” lord ? from table . at marseilles . ” ; the last commission of poor captain leclere ; you know to what i allude , danglars—it is sacred . s true . him killed—i won ’ t ! de villefort ’ s voice was heard calling from his study , “ what is the matter ? ” he pointed his gun at d ’ artagnan , who was riding toward him at full speed . , for talking of our domestic misfortunes ; i interrupted	63.82622528076172
you at the moment when you were telling me that you were a skilful chemist . ” her risk ; after the queen her departure would double mine ; then , the court once safe , i might be forgotten . a bastion ? ” said a swiss , who was drinking rum out of a beer glass . ” answered the sergeant , uncovering . and buckingham sets sail tomorrow with his fleet . ” like a young man of twenty . said , ‘ five hundred crowns for the <unk> ’ well , let ’ s say no more about it . ” . ramee ; in faith , ’ tis time you came back again . ; at the door franz ordered the coachman to	65.6190185546875
be ready at eight . useless . ; provided he can get money out of the people , that is all he wants . ” had anything else to ask for . gentleman , ” resumed the old man , upon whom this mute despair certainly produced a greater effect than cries and tears would have done , “ do not take on so ; they did not kill her , and that ’ s a comfort . ” yourselves ? ” replied one of the horsemen . ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ we must not leave this person the slightest pretext for <unk> badly , which , with all due respect , i fancy he is anxious still to do . ” ,	53.82773208618164
i think , be conducted by the respective fathers of the young people . ” light . ” since i was questioned on the same subject . ’ evening , if that suits you ; by that time we shall have returned . ” to go ? ” , are you of that opinion ? ” know anne of austria better than i do . , striking at the same time on the brazen gong . and cloak . ” clock in the morning , the dawn was just breaking , and its feeble ray came into the dungeon , and <unk> the ineffectual light of the lamp . minutes , sometimes longer , but always finished thus : and i shall always do so , ” replied	55.77366256713867
d ’ avrigny , “ for it has never for one instant ceased to retain possession of my mind ; and that you may be quite sure i am not mistaken this time , listen well to what i am going to say , m. de villefort . ” physician , and have , like my fellows , sought more than once for the soul in living and in dead matter ; yet , like providence , it has remained invisible to my eyes , although present to my heart . thus doubled his income . him ? ” his eye dull , his speech slow and painful , athos would look for hours together at his bottle , his glass , or at grimaud , who ,	72.47880554199219
accustomed to obey him by signs , read in the faint glance of his master his least desire , and satisfied it immediately . against . , my sister . bring him to me to-morrow morning at ten o ’ clock , on the pont du louvre ? ” upon circumstances . ” said de winter , “ for they are the same men . because the damp had been <unk> from the garden ; the earth , black as soot , the thick foliage of the trees betrayed its presence ; besides , had natural <unk> been wanting , it could have been immediately supplied by artificial means , thanks to a <unk> of water , sunk in one of the corners of the garden , and	58.5821647644043
upon which were stationed a frog and a <unk> , who , from antipathy , no doubt , always remained on the two opposite sides of the basin . battle , the prince , who had been <unk> de chatillon in the second line , appeared in the midst of the fight ; his eagle eye made him known and his blows proclaimed the hero . , and fly into superhuman regions ; fear nothing , there is a watch over you ; and if your wings , like those of <unk> , <unk> before the sun , we are here to ease your fall . ” , what i foresaw has come to pass . ” to do with your ill-humor ? ” said the baroness ,	58.10053253173828
irritated at the impassibility of her husband ; “ do these things concern me ? the count of monte cristo live here ? ” them , my lord , or do you think they have been stolen ? ” give pain to my dear mother , i would run the risk of <unk> the count . ” a small iron point , —a negligence on the part of the locksmith . ; he is waiting in his carriage at the gate of the garden of the palais royal . ” who unharnessed the smoking horses , and put the carriage into a coach house . ? ” asked mazarin , raising a cloak which covered an arm-chair , upon which lay a complete dress for an officer ,	43.42631912231445
of <unk> and red , entirely embroidered with silver . in his button-hole , but he kept the faded one in his hand ; and when he again met the calash , he raised it to his lips , an action which seemed greatly to amuse not only the fair lady who had thrown it , but her joyous companions also . existence , then , that i regret , but the ruin of projects so slowly carried out , so laboriously framed . thing , but he is not dead . ” see him ? ” watching his flock . of all this <unk> am quite sure of it , ” whispered caderousse , who had never taken his eyes off fernand , to danglars . speech	92.08233642578125
, which showed that she had taken the minister ’ s proposal seriously . , kitty had thrown the purse into a corner , where it lay open , <unk> three or four gold pieces on the carpet . ! i to fear from him ? ” into a side street to avoid meeting the prince , and so reached the saint denis gate . little one ? ” said d ’ artagnan . monte cristo with his imperturbable tranquillity . your majesty commands , ” replied d ’ artagnan . aramis , “ we know how the matter stands . , ” said aramis , giving up his sword to porthos . the mercer ’ s young wife was , but had promised to have her sought	48.137413024902344
for ; but this promise was very vague and did not at all reassure d ’ artagnan . la ramee , “ that is only a way of corresponding . ” to seven ? ” cried la ramee , cold sweat upon his brow . , in the musketeers , did they grant men leave of absence without their asking for it ? ” not go . for this money ? ” , and was able easily to understand his thoughts , and to convey her own in return , and , through her <unk> and devoted <unk> , it was seldom that , in the ordinary transactions of every-day life , she failed to anticipate the wishes of the living , thinking mind , or the wants	71.63143157958984
of the almost inanimate body . thought he saw his father ’ s pale face behind the curtain of the count ’ s bedroom . longer either throne or husband ; she has neither son , money nor friends ; the whole world , my poor child , has abandoned your mother ! ” and she fell back , weeping , into her daughter ’ s arms . to be hungry ? ” , <unk> it is immaterial to me , —where are we going ? ” retained his post a few minutes longer , he might have caught a dim outline of something approaching from the direction of bellegarde ; as the moving object drew nearer , he would easily have perceived that it consisted of a	72.08275604248047
man and horse , between whom the kindest and most amiable understanding appeared to exist . of your debt ; acknowledge therein the receipt of the cash , and i will hand you over the money . ” you that we do not sell at <unk> . ” that we ought to secure happiness while it is within our reach . ” , and was almost as feverish as the night had been , but it brought reason to the aid of imagination , and dantès was then enabled to arrange a plan which had hitherto been vague and unsettled in his brain . on first ; the stairs did , indeed , lead to the garden . comprehended your instructions ? ” the musket with you .	75.75819396972656
” minutes for the king to reach the tent of the scottish commander ; he dismounted and entered . boville , your widows and orphans must oblige me by waiting twenty-four hours , since m. de monte cristo whom you just saw leaving <unk> did see him , i think ? ” young man that the moment would not long be delayed , had alone kept him in the service of a <unk> service in which , he said , his soul was in constant jeopardy . ” cried milady , suffocated by terror , her hair <unk> itself , and rising above her livid countenance as if alive . awaking , paris seemed to be startled at her own appearance . that amount , the beggar ;	89.97503662109375
not one too many . ” the contrary , quite full of his plans of <unk> and courtesy , approached the young men with a profound bow , accompanied by a most gracious smile . my lord ; but since i am neither king nor queen nor minister , he is not my enemy and i can not accept your offer . ” easy a matter , for the streets were thronged with people , and rome was already a prey to that low and feverish murmur which precedes all great events ; and at rome there are four great events in every year , —the carnival , holy week , <unk> <unk> , and the feast of st. peter . jailer ’ s visit arrived , dantès	82.05072784423828
straightened the handle of the saucepan as well as he could , and placed it in its accustomed place . ; it is buried in the cellars of newcastle keep . a catalan , and they told me the catalans were not men to allow themselves to be <unk> by a rival . had neither listened nor heard . i could not conceal from myself the scrape i had got into by laying hands on one of his majesty ’ s <unk> told him i was quite ready to submit to his conditions . , for the same idea had more than once occurred to them . queen . you , the knife would have been pointed and of steel . good deal during the carnival at rome	69.4446792602539
. ” by the bridle , drew near to the gate and rang the bell , and immediately a <unk> with white hair and of erect stature , notwithstanding his age , presented himself . sword , or discharge the contents of a pistol at man with whom , for three years , i have been on terms of intimacy , i must , at least , know why i do so ; i must meet him with a heart at ease , and that quiet conscience which a man needs when his own arm must save his life . ” this moment , he would have been proclaimed king of the _moccoli_ , and <unk> the <unk> to the throne . to cover a great deal of	58.01166915893555
ground without exciting suspicion . and d ’ artagnan poured out a glass of wine . noirtier ; “ no . ” had brought them to the louvre and thence proceeded to the <unk> ; and taking up grimaud and blaisois , they went on foot to the rue guenegaud . carriage his military cloak , in which two swords were wrapped , and , shutting the door , he took his seat by the side of the coachman . ” said the englishman . ” ” said madame de chevreuse , taking his hand and making him sit near her , while she looked at him with eyes sparkling with pleasure ; “ no , unhappily , i am not the queen . and as i have	29.210491180419922
not eaten so good a dinner as you , i can scarcely stand . ” ” said the soldier , uneasy at perceiving that all was not over . he here he would confirm every <unk> wrote then to franz that if he did not come with the four thousand crowns before six , at ten minutes past i should have gone to join the blessed saints and glorious martyrs in whose company i had the honor of being ; and signor luigi vampa , such was the name of the chief of these bandits , would have scrupulously kept his word . ” the duke , smiling , “ and i even believe that i know that other person ; it is— ” young man ’ s	75.10489654541016
arm , and led him out of the room . ; being the last comer , it was for me to make the first advances . eaten ! ” , his beloved child , against the fatal effects of the poison , which has failed because your system was already impregnated with it . my pretty <unk> ! ’ block , ” answered the man in the mask . young man ; do not fatigue yourself with speaking . will make when you are asked , ‘ how do they execute at rome ? ’ and you reply , ‘ i do not know ! ’ and , besides , they say that the culprit is an infamous scoundrel , who killed with a log of wood a	69.24136352539062
worthy canon who had brought him up like his own son . , is vacant , and although ’ tis a year since monsieur de tréville has left it , it has not been filled . ” of my being tired when you ordered me to go to the palace to-day to pass the odious decrees which have raised the people to rebellion . ” by his bedside , and m. morrel went away , making a sign to the catalan that he had left his purse on the chimney-piece ; but , availing himself of the doctor ’ s order , the old man would not take any <unk> ; at length ( after nine days of despair and fasting ) , the old man died ,	64.7769546508789
cursing those who had caused his misery , and saying to mercédès , ‘ if you ever see my edmond again , tell him i die blessing him . ’ ” ” cried the gentleman ; “ begone then , on your part , and i will depart as quickly on <unk> ” and bowing to the lady , he sprang into his saddle , while her coachman applied his whip vigorously to his horses . shall be at your house by ten o ’ clock tomorrow morning , my dear count , ” replied danglars . ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ my letter of recommendation ! monarch now are at low water . of being the most severe , the most upright , the	55.65719223022461
most rigid magistrate on the bench ? ” and replied to me by a sicilian proverb , which i believe is also a french proverb , ‘ my son , the world was not made in a <unk> in seven . due precautions were taken to prevent any attempt at escape . news to you ? vampa was chosen captain , vice cucumetto , deceased . ” observed comminges at the end of the rue cocatrix when he said one word to the coachman , who at once put his vehicle into motion and drove up before broussel ’ s door . ? ” he said . ! _ we are alone . ” in neufchâtel . with the deepest melancholy painted on his countenance . oh ,	77.750732421875
yes , i do indeed <unk> ” and he struck his breast with his <unk> fist . ” said porthos , wiping his forehead . have said before , had been educated at the court , and the intrigues of this court were not unknown to him . here to enter into an analysis of this curious work ; and i shall satisfy myself with referring such of my readers as appreciate the pictures of the period to its pages . said debray . , ’ said la carconte ; ‘ i do not like open doors when it thunders . ’ ” was searching for a means of making him accept something and the idea that the blood of his friends and himself was about to be	64.49987030029297
paid for with english gold was strangely repugnant to him . . ” distribute this work in any binary , compressed , marked up , nonproprietary or proprietary form , including any word processing or hypertext form . <unk> that village ? ” eagerly asked madame de chevreuse . haydée heiress of the rest of my fortune , consisting of lands , funds in england , austria , and holland , furniture in my different palaces and houses , and which without the twenty millions and the <unk> to my servants , may still amount to sixty millions . ” , sir ; in the donjon of vincennes . ” porthos ; “ but i do not know if it is feeling or the wind that makes me	86.49897766113281
weep ; i think it is the wind . ” are suspected by your majesty , ” said tréville , “ the musketeers are guilty ; therefore , you see me prepared to surrender my <unk> after having accused my soldiers , there can be no doubt that monsieur the cardinal will end by accusing me . vulgar seductions ; but at this period the title of gentleman had great influence with the citizen class , and d ’ artagnan was a gentleman . resounded in the pavilion , and a woman came to the window , and opened it , as if to throw herself out of it ; but as soon as she perceived the other two men , she fell back and they went into	51.274234771728516
the chamber . , ” said mousqueton , with a modest air . sent home two hours before from the hôtel de ville , telling him to sit up for him , opened the door for him . directed towards monte cristo , but the second was for andrea . in . man , but you have acted better than man . , do i not ? ” one , two , or three more are added ? said d ’ artagnan , “ finish dressing his majesty . ” ! so bid you , ” answered morrel , “ it is your duty . ” cried porthos and aramis in a breath . ” asked the president . dressed , the one as a woman of <unk>	34.11933898925781
, and the other as a woman of la riccia . our friends . to the cardinal the precious piece of paper which athos had forced from milady , and which he had given to d ’ artagnan to serve him as a safeguard . sir , ” replied bernouin ; and the poor coachman was conducted to a closet , the windows of which were barred and which looked very much like a prison . and raised her in his arms ; and seeing that sweet pale face , those lovely eyes closed , that beautiful form motionless and to all appearance lifeless , the idea occurred to him for the first time , that perhaps she loved him otherwise than as a daughter loves a father	70.4107437133789
. oliver cromwell ? ” inquired porthos . , ” said de guiche , “ remain beside this unfortunate man and see that he is removed as gently as possible . countenance , saddled the horses quickly and mounted his own without making faces over it . musketeer , i think , ” said the cardinal . d ’ artagnan recommenced his journey . with the same grace with which he had <unk> the first , took his beaver and followed d ’ artagnan . to be seen , it was because the road made an elbow . see him to-morrow and tell him about you ; but i ’ m afraid , <unk> <unk> , that his liking for wine has aged and degraded him . ”	65.43853759765625
at last a baron , and d ’ artagnan a captain . you not to leave me ? ” athos in the name of himself and his comrades . in a most wonderful , but most terrible manner , ” said he ; “ but valentine , poor girl , how will she bear so much sorrow ? ” how well i remember them ! set foot on shore , he forgot , for the moment at least , the events which had just passed , while he finished his affairs of pleasure at florence , and then thought of nothing but how he should rejoin his companion , who was awaiting him at rome . lord , ” said philip in a low tone , “ and	39.8880729675293
i will show you something <unk> ” morcerf entered , and in place of the usual target , he saw some <unk> fixed against the wall . said milady , lowering her voice , “ is my brother . ” may be killed at your good pleasure ; but until that time , i warn you that in my capacity of general of the army i shall order a retreat and turn my back on the first red coat we come <unk> ” de guiche and raoul glanced at each other , smiling . ? ” you forbidden ? ” , ” replied d ’ avrigny ; and they both returned thoughtfully to the procureur ’ s study . the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable	54.88381576538086
by the widest variety of computers including obsolete , old , middle-aged and new computers . cheer up , my dear father ! in my place ? ” the cardinal , made a terrible clamor . madame , ” replied monte cristo “ not to spoil ali , either by too great praise or rewards . crime ! ” replied the doctor . in trying to jump from the end of a pile of wood on which she had mounted , the poor child fell and was not able to rise again . d ’ artagnan , that porthos , would lend their hands to such an infamy ? ” mind that he would go to the palais-cardinal , and that he would learn what his eminence had	57.816123962402344
to say to him . me . ” that the matter went beyond raillery , drew his sword , saluted his adversary , and seriously placed himself on guard . not make madame de villefort even smile , so much was every mind engaged , and so solemn was the situation . that all had been calculated and previously arranged ; monte cristo then was in league with his father ’ s enemies . the door was opened and the count of monte cristo appeared on the threshold . that , won by his mild charity , seeing that he was acquainted with all the habits and customs of my own country , and considering also that pardon for the only crime of which i was really guilty	75.37336730957031
might come with a double power from lips so benevolent and kind , i besought him to receive my confession , under the seal of which i recounted the auteuil affair in all its details , as well as every other transaction of my life . said morrel , endeavoring to conceal his own emotion , “ listen , i entreat you ; what i am about to say is very serious . know . contrary , whose maiden name had been madeleine radelle , was pale , meagre , and <unk> . , ” she remarked , “ to be making me undergo a course of <unk> . ” provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg™ ’ s goals and ensuring	80.27670288085938
that the project gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for generations to come . enough to free myself from the hands of those who held me , while i managed to <unk> forth : the major , taking a second biscuit , “ that consummation of my happiness was indeed wanting. ” the worthy major raised his eyes to heaven and sighed . . ” d ’ artagnan to himself . , with an emotion very rare in him . , i am greatly afraid i have drawn a terrible vengeance on both of us ! ” towards the family vault , château-renaud recognized morrel , who had come alone in a cabriolet , and walked silently along the path bordered with <unk> . us ? ” exclaimed	62.643577575683594
the young man . , then , became a mousetrap ; and whoever appeared there was taken and interrogated by the cardinal ’ s people . do you wish me to speak freely to you ? ” continued d ’ artagnan , with his frank expression . s a fine age ! ” replied porthos . as yet but one of <unk> me hear the other . ” <unk> in bank-notes , the other half in checks payable to bearer . , you are for us . , ” replied m. morrel , with a mournful shake of his head , “ the thing has assumed a more serious aspect than i expected . ” . will only cross the river in case of danger . ” his	53.88961410522461
<unk> ” of mousqueton , who was big enough to thrash four men of ordinary size . the wiser , ” said athos . a blazon less and a figure more on it . my friend ; take the hundred pistoles ! ” in looking at this old , weather-beaten , <unk> tower ( which might be <unk> to an elderly dame dressed up to receive her grandchildren at a birthday feast ) that it would have been capable of telling strange things , if , —in addition to the menacing ears which the proverb says all walls are provided with , —it had also a voice . her—i have dared to tell <unk> have— ‘ repent and die ! ’ but no , she must not die	197.10446166992188
; she shall live , and with me . note contain ? ” rich to pay a ransom , a messenger is sent to negotiate ; the prisoner is hostage for the security of the messenger ; should the ransom be refused , the prisoner is irrevocably lost . perfectly . ’ s comedy , _le <unk> . the host , quite cheerful again . <unk> thirst for knowledge would have had pity on seeing the steward ’ s extraordinary repugnance for the count ’ s projected drive without the walls ; but the count was too curious to let bertuccio off from this little journey . you breathe , and yet without which you could not for a moment exist ? ” enemy are within musket shot	119.33460998535156
, we must fire upon them . of ali tepelini spoken the truth ? ’ said the president . yet during the entire repast he seemed to be preoccupied . , sir , ” said athos . an important mission , had come an hour before your arrival , seeking hospitality , at the very moment that the curé , summoned to the bedside of a dying person , left not only his house but the village , for the entire night . information had been given to the king ’ s attorney , a man alighted from a carriage at the corner of the rue férou , and rapping at an <unk> door , asked if the abbé busoni were within . one of the lights of	49.60924530029297
the church . all probability i shall not be able to undergo the fatigues of the siege of la rochelle , and that it would be far better that you should appoint there either monsieur de condé , monsieur de <unk> , or some valiant gentleman whose business is war , and not me , who am a churchman , and who am constantly turned aside for my real vocation to look after matters for which i have no aptitude . the ocean , that terrible barrier against freedom , which the prisoners look upon with utter despair . me , ” replied de winter , “ after telling me all . come , ” said he . . looked around her with terror , saw that the	60.29006576538086
apartment was empty and that she was alone with her liberator . ’ clock . dreams , their wishes , and their conversations , vampa saw himself the captain of a vessel , general of an army , or governor of a province . my faith ! ” a step . , bertuccio , ” replied the count ; “ for the wicked are not so easily disposed of , for god seems to have them under his special <unk> to make of them instruments of his vengeance . ” o ’ clock bernouin knocked at the queen ’ s bedroom door , having come by the cardinal ’ s secret corridor . told you every night , as she undressed you , that it was a sin	66.52777099609375
to love a priest , just as if one were a priest because one happens to be a cardinal . ” amounts to the same thing as if i asked you for something . ” ” said the host , “ i have been wrong . , had asked his master for some dinner , and he had answered him with the proverb , “ he who sleeps , <unk> ” and planchet dined by sleeping . ” cried m. coquenard , turning about in his chair , “ a real feast , <unk> <unk> . to act , and have no fears for the result . ” party , count . ” was transferred to piedmont in france . a low room where there were foils ,	63.122886657714844
gloves , masks , <unk> , and all the <unk> for a fencing match . ” said the abbess , smiling , “ be reassured ; the house in which you are shall not be a very hard prison , and we will do all in our power to make you cherish your captivity . that was her name ; and now absolve me , for i am dying . ” you not remember her name ? ” , his name ! ” cried felton . not a wit ? she had run away at the moment of her master ’ s arrest . ! ” said porthos , slowly raising his head and looking at his friends with an air of astonishment , “ i understand english	37.12892532348633
, then ! mad and try to bite me , i will kill you without pity . the <unk> , the <unk> ? ” arm , which fell back by its own weight , perfectly inanimate and helpless . of it , and saying to yourself , ‘ you , who pursue crime so <unk> , answer now , why are there unpunished crimes in your dwelling ? ’ ” the baroness became pale . caderousse and the window , thus cutting off from the thief his only chance of retreat . with cotton , and that she took in her freight at alexandria from <unk> ’ s warehouse , and at smyrna from pascal ’ s ; that is all i was obliged to know , and	84.56915283203125
i beg i may not be asked for any further particulars . ” as though the utterance of villefort ’ s wish had sufficed to effect its accomplishment , a servant entered the room , and whispered a few words in his ear . ; but on two conditions . ” to lose , for a second lost will perhaps save them . came in . ” said the count , at the same time advancing towards andrea , and slipping a packet of bank-notes into the young man ’ s hand . vampa , shepherd of the san-felice farm . ’ . ” decide . ” look around him and observing the same signs of antipathy between the prisoner and his guardian he smiled in token of	56.408451080322266
his inward satisfaction . was under him ? ” with a description of your horses , your lackeys , your <unk> was omitted . ” speak of a sum i am in the habit of carrying in my pocket-book or <unk> . ” the next morning , the drums beat to arms . suspended from the <unk> , scarcely ten remained . narrow that the fugitive tried in vain to proceed . and the youth hastily removed the fowl . your people who love you and who yet are famished , who have no other wish than to bless you , and who , <unk> , i am wrong , your subjects , madame , will never curse you ; say one word to them and all will	67.91231536865234
be <unk> succeed war , joy tears , and happiness to misfortune ! ” ” said he , “ tell me what is the matter with me . . ” replied albert , “ when , upon receipt of my letter , you found the necessity of asking the count ’ s assistance , you promptly went to him , saying , ‘ my friend albert de morcerf is in danger ; help me to deliver him. ’ was not that nearly what you said ? ” you are the only person who can serve me , monsieur de rochefort . and at the same time the ten men whom d ’ artagnan had given to comminges appeared . ? ” by that , monsieur ? ” !	46.53091812133789
” cried de gondy ; but the cries which replied to his were poor and few , and perhaps he had but uttered it to make anne of austria sensible of her weakness . you i had no idea of insulting the court , or of making a useless disturbance in the presence of this honorable assembly . to this threat ; but the assailants attacked their foes with such <unk> that in a moment they were upon them ; a third pistol-shot was heard , aimed by d ’ artagnan , and one of his adversaries fell . , therefore , was profoundly dull . arrived with his head in the air , and as light at heart as a man who awaits a shower of gold	97.32490539550781
, he found the _soubrette_ under the gateway of the hôtel ; but this time the pretty kitty was not contented with touching him as he passed , she took him gently by the hand . said of a marriage with mazarin ’ s niece . sword and three times the general drew back on finding himself too closely engaged , and then returned to the charge . ” said morrel in a tone impossible to describe , “ do you remain in the antechamber . franz , ” said albert ; “ i am glad that the occasion has presented itself for saying this to you , for i have noticed how cold you are in your bearing towards the count , while he , on the	58.20654296875
other hand , has always been courtesy itself to us . also to admire his poetry exceedingly . ” will console him . you who have but now in this chamber , seated in this chair i now fill , made an engagement with cardinal richelieu to cause the duke of buckingham to be assassinated , in exchange for the promise he has made you to allow you to assassinate d ’ artagnan . ” the rarest pictures by the old masters , the <unk> hung with <unk> from china , of fanciful colors , fantastic design , and wonderful texture . it , ” said the count ; “ haydée is almost as civilized as a parisian ; the smell of a havana is disagreeable to her	78.897216796875
, but the tobacco of the east is a most delicious perfume , you know . ” her ? ” , my father , ” said he to the jesuit ; “ monsieur d ’ artagnan will enjoy our conversation better . ” d ’ artagnan , what do you want ? ” ’ t doubt that , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but it seems to me that you are tolerably familiar with coats of <unk> certain embroidered handkerchief , for instance , to which i owe the honor of your acquaintance ? ” these massacres , your excellency ? ” asked hermine , trembling violently . had asked for leave of absence for five days , and was gone , it was said ,	30.175291061401367
to rouen on family business . of twenty-six or twenty-eight years . ” monte cristo in an indifferent tone , “ you will do as you please , count , for you are the master of your own actions , and are the person most concerned in the matter , but if i were you , i would not divulge a word of these adventures . , that i speak to you in the queen ’ s name . making a trip in the <unk> de france , and begged us—the comte de la fere and monsieur du <unk> accompany him . valentine , and retreating to a distant corner of the room remained half hidden behind a curtain . to live thirty years without this protection ,	52.856781005859375
you will say ; but i will endeavor a little to <unk> my meaning . , ” said danglars . the two persons for whom he had prepared this scene could scarcely endure it , and not wishing to carry it too far , said : doublet and hose of a violet color , with aiguillettes of the same color , without any other ornaments than the customary slashes , through which the shirt appeared . <unk> will absolve you , sire . ” know london ; he did not know a word of english ; but he wrote the name of buckingham on a piece of paper , and everyone pointed out to him the way to the duke ’ s hôtel . of the sudden death	61.073768615722656
of the poor old servant ? ” more i beg pardon ; perhaps you are an officer that i am detaining here. ” and he glanced timidly at the count ’ s blue coat . the palais royal , formerly styled the palais cardinal , a man was sitting in deep reverie , his head supported on his hands , leaning over a gilt and inlaid table which was covered with letters and papers . in the <unk> a sword stroke on the head . clock in the morning . , went to madame de chevreuse . is all . ” , in taking leave , kissed her hand . villefort , “ what then ? ” to dine at the minister ’ s . fine , dear	45.02695083618164
aramis , ” murmured d ’ artagnan . they are friends . ” a bride built on the model of diana , the huntress , and yet you are not content . ” appeared . showed cunning rather than intelligence ; his lips were straight , and so thin that , as they closed , they were drawn in over the teeth ; his cheek-bones were broad and projecting , a never-failing proof of audacity and <unk> ; while the <unk> of his forehead , and the <unk> of the back of his skull , which rose much higher than his large and <unk> shaped ears , combined to form a physiognomy anything but prepossessing , save in the eyes of such as considered that the owner of	96.20805358886719
so splendid an equipage must needs be all that was admirable and <unk> , more especially when they gazed on the enormous diamond that glittered in his shirt , and the red ribbon that depended from his button-hole . ” replied the abbé with an air of surprise , — “ i want nothing . ” ” to accompany a betrothal , ” sighed poor renée . down to his dinner , he appeared very calm . after my death the command <unk> on you as mate , assume the command , and bear up for the island of elba , disembark at porto-ferrajo , ask for the grand-marshal , give him this <unk> they will give you another letter , and charge you with a commission .	94.7467041015625
time . ” . messieurs porthos and aramis . ” owe you much . ” , ” said cavalcanti , yielding to his low-born nature , which would escape sometimes through the aristocratic gloss with which he sought to conceal it . , but porthos held him tight and passed him to d ’ artagnan , who seized him by the neck and made him sit down by him ; then in a menacing tone , he said : house of thomson & french ? ” return . ’ artagnan , “ how can you talk like that when you are in the company of gentlemen and have such an excellent sword at your side ? ” s silence , during which the noise of the banker ’	33.48213577270508
s pen was alone heard , while monte cristo examined the gilt mouldings on the ceiling . had shared the grief of the family , for she was pale and looked fatigued . fond of it , but i do not indulge now . ” use of the spur , arrived at st. omer without drawing bit . madame , that is the same . ’ avrigny had made all possible haste , valentine had not revived from her fainting fit on their arrival , and the doctor examined the invalid with all the care the circumstances demanded , and with an interest which the knowledge of the secret intensified twofold . what we hate most in the world , the spaniards and the english ? ” i	95.11834716796875
admit , but still it is the fashion . , a hundred times , thanks ! ” blangy , and from blangy to neufchâtel . part of this project gutenberg™ electronic work , you indicate that you have read , understand , agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property ( trademark/copyright ) agreement . town . supper , and went to bed . hours after her from portsmouth , ” said lord de winter . connected with this prison besides the one relating to the poisoning of <unk> ? ” asked the count ; “ are there any traditions respecting these dismal <unk> , —in which it is difficult to believe men can ever have imprisoned their fellow-creatures ? ” ” heard	63.70384216308594
from the mouth of the young man to his own remembrances , he was enabled to form a pretty exact idea of a position of the seriousness of which , for the rest , the queen ’ s letter , short but explicit , gave him the clue . in the evening , the boatman had taken over a young woman , wrapped in a black mantle , who appeared to be very anxious not to be recognized ; but entirely on account of her precautions , the boatman had paid more attention to her and discovered that she was young and pretty . ? ” do with all that ? ” present , and endeavor to <unk> into <unk> , and then say whether i am not	48.44074630737305
a divine instrument . her stepmother threatening her , then morrel stretched his arms towards her ; sometimes mere strangers , like the count of monte cristo came to visit her ; even the very furniture , in these moments of delirium , seemed to move , and this state lasted till about three o ’ clock in the morning , when a deep , heavy slumber overcame the young girl , from which she did not awake till daylight . with an indescribable expression of interest and pity . let us know when the wedding is to be , for fernand here is so obstinate he will not tell us . ” heaven and would have embraced d ’ artagnan had he dared ; meanwhile he resolved	83.62248229980469
to sacrifice his life for him on the next occasion that presented itself . birth ! ” d ’ artagnan , “ athos is right , it must be burned . he , “ let us drink to him who <unk> at the repast . long conference with several friends ; and m. cavalcanti , who had remained in the drawing-room with the ladies , was the last to leave the banker ’ s house . d ’ artagnan , “ i decide that we should adopt athos ’ s plan , and that we set off in half an hour . ” ” replied the young man ; “ i will remain with monsieur le comte . ” . orders , for as he reached the bottom	26.321935653686523
step his carriage came from the coach-house ready for him . before i should be <unk> dogs to say that there were greater traitors in france than the cardinal mazarin ! ” to thank you a thousand times , count , ” returned albert ; “ you extricated us from a great dilemma , and we were on the point of <unk> a very fantastic vehicle when your friendly invitation reached us . ” ” shall be in your possession , inform me . me that benedetto , who is considered a serpent of subtlety and a giant of cunning , is really but a very commonplace , silly rascal , and altogether unworthy of the experiments that will be made on his <unk> organs after his death	97.6140365600586
. ” past of this woman terrible things which his red mantle alone could cover ; and he felt , from one cause or another , that this woman was his own , as she could look to no other but himself for a support superior to the danger which threatened her . has found for <unk> ” and thanking the captain , he regained the state cabin , where his friends were . two covers , bearing a supper ready prepared , stood , as if by magic , in the middle of the apartment . out by the opening , still thinking himself in a dream ; but the sight of the gunpowder in the tankard proved to him that his dream was a fatal nightmare	89.88643646240234
. pleased providence to cause the apprehension of caderousse , who was discovered in some distant country , and brought back to france , where he made a full confession , refusing to make the fact of his wife ’ s having suggested and arranged the murder any excuse for his own guilt . ’ ” for , on the contrary , i am desired to preserve the profoundest mystery . ” you look like , all together , as you are armed and guarded by your lackeys ? ” said the cardinal . mingled with his hair , which was still thick and matted , while his bronzed features and determined glance well suited an old sailor who had braved the heat of the <unk> and the	71.50379943847656
storms of the <unk> . person . ” . oars might be heard as they returned to the yacht . , attempting to look across the hedge of guards which surrounded him . , proud and joyful , to my country . is a hercules killing <unk> , a <unk> freeing <unk> . ” a hundred thousand francs for such a secret ! ” . ” confess i should not be sorry to come across mordaunt again . with spartan economy , and we each require fifteen hundred livres . ” predecessor , sent our mother , marie de medicis , to die in exile , she taught us that language . deceived myself , ” he said ; “ i must look upon the past in a	67.76173400878906
false light . ! ’ s hesitation . that if my boots need a sponge , your stockings and shoes stand in equal need of a brush . who had no pity ! this , and let us sit down to breakfast , ” continued beauchamp . would ever accept the price of your life ? exact personification of what i have been led to expect ! answered d ’ artagnan , laughing , “ if he only said that , it did not enlighten you much . ” to me at the price it cost you ? ” with white hangings ? ” asked the countess . , ‘ gentlemen , there is fighting going on in gascony or in flanders ; go and fight , ’	76.8011703491211
and you go there . you , but you will be duly acquainted with the reasons that have rendered such a step necessary at the preliminary examination . ” possible delay expires . ” a nubian to purchase a house , and a mute to furnish it ? —he will do everything wrong . ” musketeer ! never to leave the prisoner alone ; to keep away from him every pointed or cutting instrument , and to prevent his conversing any length of time with the keepers . ” and aramis re-entered , the surgeon and m. de tréville alone remaining with the wounded . ? ” asked planchet . with mazarin ! his vest a cross of diamonds , which was hung around his neck by a	87.35441589355469
chain of pearls . face in the bosom of athos , and <unk> aloud . and came opposite to an iron gate , ornamented in the taste of the period . , she directed him to bring coffee and pipes , and when he had left the room to execute the orders of his young mistress she beckoned albert to approach nearer to her . lodge had long been extinct . bazin , “ the true friends of a christian are those who aid him in working out his salvation , not those who hinder him in doing so . ” to rebuild artagnan , which my ancestors , impoverished by the crusades , allowed to fall into ruins , and to buy thirty acres of land about	86.05885314941406
it , that is all i wish . or not , whether in paris or cairo , the abbé always left something to give away , which the valet distributed through this wicket in his master ’ s name . room , he plays at tennis at the <unk> ? ” it seems to be the result of certain propositions which mazarin made last night to the parisians . ” i remember it all now . ” can not imagine how my mind is harassed . other three exclaimed . is a man by himself ! his expectations of exciting fear , was conscious only of the other ’ s condescension . fact , he is , ” said the owner . three duels with him , ”	79.38640594482422
said the englishman , “ the first with the pistol , the second with the sword , and the third with the sabre . ” arrive here ? ” inquired she . speculator , who will certainly ruin himself in experiments . you . ” , you little coward ! officer delegated to <unk> the law , and perfectly well knew that it would be as unavailing to seek pity from a magistrate decked with his official scarf , as to address a petition to some cold marble effigy . which pleasure and pain were strangely mingled . joy and terror , such as this man of stupendous emotions had already experienced twice or thrice in his lifetime . expend considerable effort to identify , do copyright research	110.65719604492188
on , transcribe and proofread works not protected by u.s. copyright law in creating the project gutenberg™ collection . garden ! —she that was <unk> who was walking while she waited <unk> ” speak frankly to you . morcerf , “ it is only a quarter past ten , and i expect someone else . ” a laugh which changed the shiver of the host into a burning fever . the queen , when the last of them had quitted the apartment , “ you would yield to these limbs of the <unk> advocates ? ” and the absence of my protector have cast me down , certainly , but not forever . , my hands clasped round one of the <unk> ; then i felt that i	61.14994430541992
was lost . ” ” said albert ; “ i have two words to say to the count of monte cristo . ” the evil reports which then prevailed , and which indeed have survived them , of the procurators of the <unk> , <unk> , fasts ; but as , after all , excepting some few acts of economy which porthos had always found very <unk> , the procurator ’ s wife had been tolerably <unk> is , be it understood , for a procurator ’ s <unk> hoped to see a household of a highly comfortable kind . sang the song in a very lively manner . , ” said debray , “ but for a friend i might , perhaps . ” is ! villefort	53.282100677490234
. which guitant was speaking just now , the people chanted nothing except the mass , so everything went to destruction . , ” said the poor man , “ let me have the poire d ’ angoisse . , my god ! ” murmured kitty , “ he has not even waited for the hour he himself named ! ” to make arrangements for the duel , ” said beauchamp . as i pass ? ” blue frock-coat , buttoned up to the chin , and wore at his button-hole the rosette of an officer of the legion of honor . suppose , that you refuse the service which i asked of you ? ” of him , milady <unk> fainting into her chamber . the body	51.21455383300781
in the sack was going on . think the sides are equal . ” his request , and m. de tréville , on receiving it , assured him that by two o ’ clock in the morning the four leaves of absence should be at the respective <unk> of the travelers . ? ” said , they were within a hundred paces of the city ; they left their two nags upon the high road , and ran toward the quay . dead ? ” the honor of telling you i was , ” said morrel . stake the furniture against the horse . ” . ” receive the king ? , then , since last evening , count ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ is your	27.32680892944336
first witness monsieur porthos ? ” in him the terrible secret of which chance had already communicated to him a part in front of the samaritaine . ; he said you had engaged to pay seventy pounds if i landed you safe and sound at boulogne or any other port you choose in france . ” , and which was to serve as a town residence to monte cristo , was situated on the right hand as you ascend the champs-élysées . said gondy , shaking rochefort by the hand , who descended in his turn and closed the trap after him . man to you ? ” is a hostage for the parisians , ” answered the cardinal . his shoulders and the hat on his head	78.51741027832031
, whilst the musketeer got off the box . after an instant of motionless silence he said , to the astonishment of his friends , “ monsieur mordaunt , a duel between us is impossible . ” replied the major , “ it would be necessary to write to the curé for <unk> , and it would be some time before they could be obtained . ” the rope ladder was to be attached . step or two behind his brother-in-law . i , ‘ does it still displease you that i should frequent a certain house of la rue payenne ? talks seriously about the matter , puts on a white tie , and speaks of his family . , once more , and this is the	77.02731323242188
last ! say to you , if you are really strong , really superior , really pious , or impenetrable , which you were right in saying amounts to the same <unk> be proud , sir , for that is the characteristic of <unk> . and the boat came to rest . make all the sacrifices which this word <unk> , sir , ” said morrel , “ not only with resignation , but with cheerfulness . ” he muttered , “ whence comes this thought ? appears that we are the <unk> of the society . beautiful queen , and you will weep for me ? ” master to return to his lodgings , where his presence was urgent , as he piteously said . . from	54.95507049560547
m. beauchamp ; she first extended her arms to prevent me , but after a moment ’ s reflection , ‘ yes , go , florentin , ’ said she , ‘ and may he come quickly . ’ ” then , to my good and faithful parisians , ” continued anne , with a smile , the expression of which did not deceive d ’ artagnan , “ that you have seen the king in bed , asleep , and the queen also ready to retire . ” , dear rochefort ; pray tell me the whole story . ” s turn to look fixedly at mordaunt , and mordaunt to make himself impenetrable . porthos , “ in the first place make a bargain with the	40.171024322509766
mercer , and a good bargain . ” ; but this first desire of the heart is imperious . do with what m. de blacas has told me , and m. de villefort has just confirmed ? ” m. de blacas moved suddenly towards the baron , but the fright of the courtier pleaded for the forbearance of the statesman ; and besides , as matters were , it was much more to his advantage that the prefect of police should triumph over him than that he should humiliate the prefect . with the severest consequences if she did not supply him with what he desired , and disappeared and remained away all day , leaving the <unk> assunta , who loved him as if he were her	78.84944915771484
own child , to weep over his conduct and <unk> his absence . , whom assuredly at that moment she hated more than broussel , with outstretched arms . and he made a step toward the queen ’ s apartment with that pale and mute indignation which , when it broke out , led this prince to the commission of the most pitiless cruelty . acquaintance , had been on all points so rational and <unk> , so wonderfully sagacious , in fact , that he could not understand how so much wisdom on all points could be allied with madness . entirely on my own account , be it understood , i would add that i believe you too gentlemanly to refuse giving him some explanation concerning	117.33462524414062
your connection with yanina . of our horses and give me my sword . ” of it. ” then , aloud : and among others , m. danglars , your banker . , ” said he , as if he had just quitted marseilles the previous evening , and had just returned from aix or toulon . artagnan used no ceremony with aramis , seeing that bazin forgot to announce him , he announced himself . the door , to prevent his going out without seeing her , until sleep , which the young can not resist , had overpowered her frame , wearied as she was with watching . his age ! man you take me for ; you are in captain rogers ’ s post ,	69.88533020019531
are you not ? a dog let loose in the yard at night , but it has been taken to the house at auteuil , to that you went to , you know . ” to the door . that the unfortunate child was disinterred under the trees ? —that poor innocent offspring of mine , which i never even kissed , but for whom i wept many , many tears . he should send word to his wife , so that she might not be anxious about him , but planchet replied with much sagacity that he was very sure his wife would not die of anxiety through not knowing where he was , while he , planchet , remembering her <unk> of tongue , would die	94.83452606201172
of anxiety if she did know . ? ” asked the steward , whose roses began to change into <unk> . thrust in his arm , which is not dangerous , he has received another right through his lungs , of which the doctor says bad things . ” powerless though furious wave , was broken against the strong ascendancy which mercédès exercised over him . swelling of the veins of his forehead and the contraction of the muscles round the eye , trace the terrible conflict which was going on between the living energetic mind and the inanimate and helpless body . , rich in form , in attraction , and <unk> , with eyes of fascination , smiles of love , and bright and flowing hair	125.42045593261719
. come from ? ” asked debray . ” inclination to see the person who kept watch over him . you want on that table , ” said the waiter . for some time , then ? ” said aramis , “ captain to-day , colonel , doubtless , to-morrow ; in a fortnight the fellow will be marshal of france . ” day was spent in preparations for departure . around them . a guest like the other one here just now , ” observed mine host to olivain , who had rejoined his master to see if he wanted anything , “ and your young master has no appetite . ” ; be assured i shall save you ! nothing remains but for m. d ’	58.909793853759766
épinay to arrive that the contract may be signed , and the following day you will be his , tomorrow you will be engaged to m. d ’ épinay , for he came this morning to paris. ” valentine uttered a cry . issue from the guardroom and come toward us . ” forges ? ” the hotel of the _cheval rouge_ , but after leaning an instant against the door , and hearing the last sound of the cab , which was disappearing from view , he went on his road , and with a <unk> stride soon traversed the space of two leagues . winter saw buckingham was dead , he ran to felton , whom the soldiers still guarded on the terrace of the palace	60.9660530090332
. ” know , i am very glad to hear you give that testimony ; the cardinal has some good in him , and if he were not a <unk> , he would be more justly estimated . by eight o ’ clock , and eight is striking . culpable and if i ask for pardon , i ought to be forgiven . ” then ? ” sir , —on the contrary , ” said louis xviii. , “ this affair seems to me to have a decided connection with that which occupies our attention , and the death of general quesnel will , perhaps , put us on the direct track of a great internal <unk> ” at the name of general quesnel , villefort trembled .	63.87040328979492
, ” said julie , “ at a moment ’ s warning ? the laconic reply . how well she knows how to handle a knife . ” the marquise , without <unk> in the slightest degree at the tragic remembrance thus called up ; “ but bear in mind , if you please , that our respective parents underwent persecution and <unk> from diametrically opposite principles ; in proof of which i may remark , that while my family remained among the <unk> adherents of the exiled princes , your father lost no time in joining the new government ; and that while the citizen noirtier was a girondin , the count noirtier became a senator . ” to me ? ” replied monte cristo , shrugging	109.8551254272461
his shoulders ; “ do i know those people ? but on the frontier he was met by <unk> ; he had tried victory by means of superhuman undertakings . you knew that the young gentleman was the friend of his excellency , i would blow his brains out with my own hand ! ” , sir , ” said the honest fellow , in almost breathless haste , “ but i believe you made a mistake ; you intended to give me a <unk> piece , and see , you gave me a double napoleon . ” , ” said peppino , placing his hand on the banker ’ s shoulder ; “ people pay here before they eat . seen his face at that moment .	48.94747543334961
” <unk> three ships , he <unk> some project , which , however mad , is yet , perhaps , terrible . satisfy himself that he had not been mistaken , that the appointment was at st . down , the other remained standing . with a stupefied air , but did not say a word . ” said gondy , “ you will undertake , then , some night , to throw up some ten barricades ? ” and agile as chamois , were too much like domestic goats , and franz could not consider them as game . ” said mazarin , venturing his head out of one of the windows ; “ and now do as much for the queen . ” staircase , while	59.52286148071289
noirtier ’ s eyes seemed to say , — “ quicker , quicker ! ” ” the most gracious air he could assume , drew the handkerchief from under the foot of the musketeer in spite of the efforts the latter made to detain it , and holding it out to him , said , “ i believe , monsieur , that this is a handkerchief you would be sorry to lose ? ” know with whom he had to deal , and fell upon the body of his comrade as if he were dead . not at all , ” said mazarin ; “ let us be off . ” is beautiful ; she possesses all earthly seductions . band of brigands that had established itself in	44.902305603027344
the <unk> mountains began to be much spoken of . would soon see how moderate and reasonable we are ! ” for some sacred object by which she could swear , and taking out of a cupboard hidden in the tapestry , a small coffer of rosewood set in silver , and laying it on the altar : . ” said athos , coolly , “ since here it is . ” than all the royal signatures , ” thought d ’ artagnan . what they did ? ” ” the <unk> of <unk> herself could not have read them . milady was very cross with her . . to be alone , ” he exclaimed , on seeing the young man . thou <unk> seldom , but	49.23101043701172
when thou dost , one must do thee <unk> words are words of gold . ” . ” he could comprehend what it contained . most unfavorable moment for your first visit . white dress and so many <unk> fair one . ” ; “ but i warn m. d ’ épinay , that during my <unk> my father ’ s will shall never be questioned , my position forbidding any doubt to be entertained . ” seizing the thick mass , which her long fingers could scarcely grasp , she took in her right hand a pair of long scissors , and soon the steel met through the rich and splendid hair , which fell in a cluster at her feet as she leaned back to keep	98.76741027832031
it from her coat . and her daughter haydée had <unk> ’ — ‘ did you know them ? ’ — ‘ my intimacy with the pasha and his unlimited confidence had gained me an introduction to them , and i had seen them above twenty times . ’ ? ” cried the lieutenant . returned the count , with surprise . the count ’ s box , the door opened , and monte cristo came forth . , what do you ask ? ” the stranger coolly , “ he must be some prince in disguise . ” a <unk> you are going to see ? <unk> was heard . artagnan , ” said aramis , “ represents among us the opposition in parliament , which always	46.67557144165039
says no , and always does <unk> . ” discussing the war ; the grooms polished their arms ; the young men loaded the pistols in case of a skirmish , and they awoke in despair , having both dreamed that they had arrived too late to participate in the battle . yanina , which was taken as long ago as the year <unk> or 1823 ? ” website which has the main pg search facility : www.gutenberg.org . cried the stupefied host , “ some wine ? two words felton drew back quickly , and when lord de winter entered , he was several paces from the prisoner . , and saw with pleasure , in a little <unk> , that her white complexion and brilliant eyes	90.92556762695312
were alone visible . a high place , a royal misfortune , a european misfortune ; i attach myself to it . so ; it will break my resolutions . ” would be quite another thing . , madame ; the orders are issued . ” ” said villefort , deeply affected , in spite of himself , “ do not yield to those gloomy thoughts ; you will long live with us , happy , loved , and honored , and we will make you <unk> ” time to time , kissed the crucifix a confessor held out to them . friends of today are the enemies of tomorrow ; beauchamp , for instance . ” account . ” said the captain , “ that was the	43.578453063964844
land signal , will you answer yourself ? ” regiments into two squadrons . <unk> who possess nearly a million ? pronouncing these latter words , accompanied them with one of those ghastly smiles that used to strike terror into poor franz d ’ épinay . , ” repeated debray ; “ this affair becomes serious ! ” with equal solemnity . his private room , and the englishman , on perceiving him , made a gesture of surprise , which seemed to indicate that it was not the first time he had been in his presence . me , that of <unk> the magistrate before whom i was taken to cause every inquiry to be made for the abbé busoni , who had stopped at the inn	75.07604217529297
of the pont du gard on that morning . pretended happiness , then ! ” go on ; it was impossible . pity send for a physician ; my whole fortune shall not be thought too much for the recovery of my boy . ” my lord , you will live ! ” repeated the faithful servant of anne of austria , on his knees before the duke ’ s sofa . well enough , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ but where and how to meet with her ? ” there was no reply there was a moment of silence . to your dear eugénie . . ” to me , who am always at his house . me free ; i shall go to the	33.89857864379883
louvre and strangle mazarin . a waiter , on which was placed a decanter containing lemonade and a glass . directly . in the evening the island was distinct , and everything on it was plainly perceptible , owing to that clearness of the atmosphere peculiar to the light which the rays of the sun cast at its setting . d ’ artagnan , “ you shall have your turn . four of these unfortunate men , covered with dirt and blood , fled along the hollow way , and at length regained the city . , ’ said he , kissing it ; ‘ it is my master ’ s ring ! ’ and throwing the match on the ground , he trampled on it and extinguished	69.45378875732422
it . think so , since the count has found him a false <unk> the count gives him four thousand francs a month , and leaves him 500,000 francs in his will . ” tréville , “ it was also for your majesty ’ s service that one of my musketeers , who was innocent , has been seized , that he has been placed between two guards like a malefactor , and that this gallant man , who has ten times shed his blood in your majesty ’ s service and is ready to shed it again , has been paraded through the midst of an insolent populace ? ” rich . but let us talk of this plot , m. de villefort . ” rested ,	43.79254150390625
sir . ” , “ in my name i beg you ! to the countess , who inclined herself without speaking . returned the abbé , “ that you are like those of holy <unk> , who having eyes see not , and having ears hear not . ” he , drawing from the casket a large bow of blue ribbon all sparkling with diamonds , “ there are the precious studs which i have taken an oath should be buried with me . his arms , and carried her out of the circle of <unk> . when he learned of the old man ’ s death he returned . more fortunate . officer who had been sent to constantinople resounded on all sides amongst our palikares ;	53.63542175292969
it was evident that he brought the answer of the emperor , and that it was favorable . ” ! ” ” me ; i am bored , amuse me . ” as you know , or as you do not know , this fatal campaign is to open . , grew animated by degrees , and smiled . life , the life of the woman he loved ; this was , in case of ill fortune , a means of temporizing and obtaining good conditions . , as i took you , <unk> , but little respected . he could gain that of her mistress . shone for a short time , disappeared behind the clouds ; every object was again plunged in the obscurity that is	62.60416030883789
so awful in the deserts and still more so in that liquid desert , the ocean , and nothing was heard save the whistling of the west wind driving along the tops of the <unk> billows . eyes upon the treaty that d ’ artagnan presented to her . political views ; the military part of the company talked unreservedly of <unk> and <unk> , while the women commented on the divorce of <unk> . in certain <unk> , of which paralysis is one . he pondered the matter for a moment . been made in these caves ; the treasure is in the furthest a ... ngle in the second ; which treasure i bequeath and leave en ... tire to him as my sole heir .	147.7952880859375
and porthos was inside the carriage . in <unk> , what his <unk> had been to henry iii. , and his scotch guard to louis xi . this hour , if the money is not forthcoming , he blows out the prisoner ’ s brains with a pistol-shot , or plants his dagger in his heart , and that settles the account . ” will obey . ” condition he will promise anything , and take his chance of keeping it afterwards . ” , who possessed such extraordinary control over his feelings , expressed the most perfect cordiality . and d ’ artagnan found himself again in complete obscurity . ” ceiling sank upon my head and crushed me with its weight . much i will crush	100.86956024169922
him , the insect ! the next time i see him . ” is marvellous , m. albert . her eye passed quickly from the servant and rested on the master . count went to haydée ’ s apartments , told her his intention , and resigned everything to her care . that tomorrow i shall no longer suffer , is sweet to my heart . ” to the coadjutor , who , smiling all the while , contrived to drop some words into his ear . the day before , they lost sight of him at the corner of the rue coq-héron . ” ” ” , ” said athos , while the two musketeers who had remained behind advanced hat in hand . added athos ,	53.03310012817383
“ we meet in battle , at this word , ‘ place royale ! ’ let us put our swords into our left hands and shake hands with the right , even in the very <unk> and music of the hottest <unk> . ” , my lord ; there lies in him a sanguinary <unk> . ” was about to quit the room . retz , the duc de beaufort , the duc de bouillon , are talking over public affairs . name ? ” morrel , “ do you wish me to retire ? ” my life ! ” i have the happiness of being useful to you ? ” ” , send for the priest ; _i_ will be the avenger . ” corpse , endeavored	40.83359146118164
to cry out ; but her swollen tongue could utter no more than a hoarse sound which had nothing human in it and resembled the rattle of a wild beast . amusement , ” added the king . the idea that a house belonging to my wife ’ s father and mother should pass into the hands of strangers . of our lover ? ” said he . returned from hunting . . as you call me—i will not let you ! ” s the matter ? ” asked the latter , “ are you going to be ill just now ? ” the door , that she might go and die with him , but it was fastened on the inside . ” replied caderousse , “	45.48728561401367
that i can answer for , you did not . , ” said d ’ artagnan . ” you , gentlemen , can i not ? ” the queen . your eyes , which must have acquired so much <unk> and certainty , to divine , at a glance , the kind of man by whom you are confronted ? peace madame de chevreuse frowned , and in spite of all the logic of athos to show her that a prolonged war would have been impracticable , contended in favor of hostilities . going to fight about , athos ? ” asked aramis . have about you. ” danglars felt a dreadful spasm dart through his heart . full project gutenberg license please read this before you distribute	46.52277374267578
or use this work so , my lord , ” said bernouin ; “ but you will hear about him , for la ramee is here and awaits the commands of your eminence . ” say you will see me again ? ” he asked . will <unk> , with god come our desire ; and if betrays that hope , to death we can aspire . ” do , for fear of losing the <unk> the name along the route . promise to bring him that letter on the following morning . hand . of his glass , which he put down close to him , athos arose carelessly , took the musket next to him , and drew near to one of the loopholes . the	52.27252960205078
major , “ i did wish this fault to be hidden from every eye . ” humbly—for all were now convinced that they had to do with someone more powerful than <unk> athos the post of speaker . ” said he , “ you were right and i was wrong . the air of a man who says , “ in that case things look ill. ” then he exclaimed , turning to his men : and brilliant evening of my life ! the agitation in the palais royal , the passing to and fro of busy people ? that the gascons made a king of me , myself , seeing that i am my father ’ s son , is it not , tréville ? fetch the	57.68611526489258
lemonade . ” the poor old gentleman is entirely helpless ; the mind alone is still active in this human machine , and that is faint and flickering , like the light of a lamp about to <unk> . an <unk> question , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ have you grown rich ? ” ” with the exception of two or three friends every one deserted him ; he had no means of resistance . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i am delighted to see with what wonderful composure you can tell a lie even in church ! ” over in his brain for the twentieth time , when the door opened and eugénie appeared , attired in a figured black satin dress	63.04723358154297
, her hair dressed and gloves on , as if she were going to the italian opera . now and then by the still darker lines of the roofs of houses . fear while i have you to protect me . ” myself in the enemy ’ s ranks . ” but tell me , my dear lucien , what it is that constitutes a princess . warned that it was to take place this morning ? ” volumes : ; he came to say that if these offensive precautions were not <unk> , in two hours paris would be under arms . eternal sleeper ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , irritated that any one could <unk> during the day , when he had the greatest difficulty	62.27721405029297
in sleeping during the night . ; and a few of those bottles of old burgundy wine , which cured your master so quickly of his <unk> ! ” friend ; besides the harness of your <unk> and mine . ” , it was imprudence , and this imprudence was in obedience to the orders of your captain . thing is more clear to me than that sunbeam is to you . as to try to escape , except in your dreams . ” murmur without became an explosion ; nothing was to be heard but oaths and blasphemies . glances at the remains of my supper . ” was , ” said he , “ not to tear my heart out on the day when i resolved	66.7381362915039
to avenge myself ! ” mazarin any better than you do . ” said beauchamp . that it is too soon after declaring myself for louis xviii . though momentary silence , which was broken by aramis . ” said athos , “ it is agreed . bonacieux impatiently with his eyes till he had gone out ; and the moment the door closed , “ they have seen each other ; ” said he , approaching the cardinal eagerly . . whom i offer you is a general syndic . ” crossing the yard , took care not to answer , and they rang in vain . out , “ immediately , ” but she reflected that such precipitation would not be very gracious toward d ’	68.08244323730469
artagnan . yet pronounce him guilty . ” count ’ s manners , and he was only prevented from recognizing him for a perfect gentleman by reason of his varied knowledge . here , and go and speak to madame de villefort , who is trying to attract your attention . ” the same dungeon where he had passed the night , and left him to himself during the day . me baron ? ” said danglars ; “ you know that i care nothing for my title . forehead at the same moment brought him to the ground , covered with blood and almost fainting . ? ” reasons for not being seen , and yet d ’ artagnan did not for an instant doubt that it	40.58122253417969
was mme . his heart , the more certainly he would avenge her . adventure is assuming a very agreeable appearance . ” this action had been miraculously <unk> believed that a benefactor had arisen from the grave to save us . yet dantès knew only by the number of his cell , sprang up with an agility by no means to be expected in a person of his years , and , light and steady on his feet as a cat or a <unk> , climbed from the table to the outstretched hands of dantès , and from them to his shoulders ; then , bending double , for the ceiling of the dungeon prevented him from holding himself erect , he managed to slip his head	90.29256439208984
between the upper bars of the window , so as to be able to command a perfect view from top to bottom . , ” replied athos ; “ for by this time she must have quit the shores of france . ” that that which he is just now undergoing is hard enough . ” beauchamp , “ i have not considered the question ; a totally different subject interests me . ” it was she whom he sought . , ” continued the inspector ; “ i am sent here by government to visit the prison , and hear the requests of the prisoners . ” how do you know that ? ” ” asked blaisois . for one instant believe you so devoid of gallantry	45.036014556884766
as to refuse a lady your escort when she even <unk> to ask you for it . ” de villefort , if you do not strike first ! ’ this is what i would say had she only killed two persons but she has seen three deaths , —has contemplated three murdered persons , —has knelt by three corpses ! the honest notary , “ the count is , i think , mistaken ; it is only fifty thousand francs , everything included . ” to whom i had promised the interest of this sum , shall receive it , even if i endure the most cruel <unk> . ” cried porthos ; “ and what the devil are we going to do in london ? ” said	77.18927764892578
, “ i am an abbé , it is true , but i am so against my will . would be gratified if cardinal mazarin should make you captain . ” on another , i who have always gained my own <unk> honestly . ” ” said mousqueton , “ but in a very ill humor . secretaire ? ” asked valentine . ? ” said the attendant . , and wrapping herself in her <unk> of white cashmere embroidered with pearls and coral , she hastily quitted the box at the moment when the curtain was rising upon the fourth act . brain was still so feeble that he could not bend his thoughts to anything in particular . which you know will be agreeable to her	50.96451950073242
. ” then turning to grimaud , he said : have the proofs . ” tight and so make his mouth hard , so that you will not be able to make him manoeuvre quickly . , come in , monsieur d ’ artagnan ! ” cried the cardinal , “ and welcome your friend too . ” asked aramis . i ’ faith , ” answered porthos . , he will not have enough to pay for his shroud ! ” said another . ? ” madame de villefort has poured into your glass , <unk> would have been doomed ! ” <unk> of possibility disappear ; the fields of infinite space open to you , you advance free in heart , free in mind , into	50.869258880615234
the boundless realms of unfettered reverie . remit to me these 48,000 francs ? ” of the papers might be in the arabian , romaic , or turkish language , and the interpreter of the house was in attendance . ” or ten feet . ” violent crash was heard , and cries of distress . cash . sir ; a young man , who still <unk> to my fallen fortunes , passes a part of his time in a <unk> at the top of the house , in hopes of being the first to announce good news to me ; he has informed me of the arrival of this ship . ” first . ” the means , as you frenchmen say , does it not ?	62.67094802856445
” you are unbearable . fish ? ” asked danglars . , one upon his hat , the other in the opening of his white waistcoat , were not at all tremulous ; his eye was calm and even brilliant . nothing . ” . ” great <unk> , and who had considered it no small sacrifice to be deprived of the cigars of the café de paris , approached the table , and uttered a cry of joy at perceiving some veritable <unk> . suspicion ; and when next day , taking a fowling-piece , powder , and shot , dantès declared his intention to go and kill some of the wild goats that were seen springing from rock to rock , his wish was construed into	81.37657165527344
a love of sport , or a desire for solitude . the evening at the cardinal rospigliosi ’ s , and there mention was made of something like a pardon for one of the two men . ” dying man , “ that they may not separate us if you save me ! ” sir , i have ten ; nor is it to the camp i wish to go . ” i dream of nothing but battles . ” madame , when i am commanded by so gentle a voice . ” recital , sirs , ” said the queen , turning to the duc de chatillon . as your <unk> and friendly adviser , ” said monte cristo , “ did i not possess a moral	48.4477424621582
distrust of my best friends , and a sort of inclination to lead others to doubt them too ; therefore , in departing from this rule , i should ( as the actors say ) be playing a part quite out of my line , and should , therefore , run the risk of being <unk> , which would be an act of folly . ” ? ” am glad to see you are of my opinion . athos , with an accent like that of a man who perceives he is about to tread upon an <unk> . , that justice be done . presentiment did not warn mercédès that her lover was within three hundred yards of her ? smile , count , ” said maximilian	70.21815490722656
, who had followed him with his eyes . been arrested , and as i am his wife ’ s confessor , if she knows where he is i shall know it too . ” he was recognized by d ’ artagnan , and how that recognition by inspiring fear in the four musketeers had given fresh activity to their journey . and went away to execute the orders thus received . day received a letter , <unk> that the <unk> of his son now offered to restore him , or at least to give notice where he might be found , on condition of receiving a large sum of money , by way of ransom . mousqueton , who freely distributed the trusses at the rate of	63.470706939697266
a louis apiece . . leave a few crowns for me at the gate that i may have some things i am in need of ! ” master had been arrested , fell back into the ranks near aramis , without saying a word and as if nothing had happened . boy ; no doubt . him , i hope , ” said the count frowningly . master , or have i ceased to be your slave ? ” out to the queen the two studs the cardinal had given him . , my dear monsieur bartolomeo ? ” you have discovered the hidden meaning ? ” was going to assassinate him and he drew back , pushing his chair on the <unk> . do not understand )	46.445350646972656
, was the reply . not meddle with what we are discussing , for that requires all one ’ s wit and cool judgment . ” you ? the windows , and hid from the garden and court these two apartments , the only rooms into which , as they were on the ground floor , the <unk> eyes of the curious could penetrate . <unk> nothing , not to let your countenance betray a thought , and i will send you tidings . i know he used to amuse my wife and daughter by telling them about it after his return from italy . ” the same marks of <unk> as on the preceding evening ; but this time , as i yielded to fatigue , or	66.4471435546875
as if i had become familiarized with danger , i dragged myself toward my bed , let my robe fall , and lay down . details with the same calmness milady had constantly seen in him , never pronouncing a word himself , and making himself obeyed by a gesture of his hand or a sound of his whistle . as to <unk> <unk> <unk> , dark passage , a staircase <unk> by bars through which stole a glimmer from a neighboring yard ; on the first floor a low door studded with enormous nails , like the principal gate of the grand châtelet . wretch , who struck at us all and at those dear to us . ” the line that indicates the constant presence of	120.6268310546875
bitter thoughts ; he had the fiery eyes that seem to penetrate to the very soul , and the haughty and disdainful upper lip that gives to the words it <unk> a peculiar character that <unk> them on the minds of those to whom they are addressed . made about that period , and porthos , who had in addition to my lessons taught me some effective tricks of fence , prevailed upon me to solicit the uniform of a musketeer . d ’ artagnan , “ for the actual man . martyred majesty , ” <unk> athos , chilled with terror . the most striking objects in the world , even to a man void of uneasiness ; but for one who has a timid conscience ,	101.85346221923828
and with good cause too , the yellow , blue , and white uniform is really very alarming . after this ebullition he closed his eyes as if dazzled by internal light . by fair means ; and before we had time to draw our swords , two of our party were dead , and athos , grievously wounded , was very little better . not look in that way at me ! with his eyes until the two lovers disappeared behind one of the angles of fort saint <unk> ; then , turning round , he perceived fernand , who had fallen , pale and trembling , into his chair , while caderousse stammered out the words of a <unk> . baron d ’ épinay lived in	75.44092559814453
the stormy times of which i only saw the ending , ” said villefort . said he , “ know anything of this young lady ’ s illness ? ” had not come there of itself , and that he who bore it had not concealed himself behind a hedge with any friendly intentions . to procure a horse ? ” precaution is , i think , quite unnecessary . ” is , ” replied dantès . ” said the young man , “ a glass of wine , father , will revive you . the news they had each been charged to obtain , but nothing positive had been learned . him talk , ” said athos ; “ his dialect amuses me . ” milady to	55.45305252075195
herself ; “ without thinking what it is , he calls it a crime ! ” then aloud , “ the friend of that wretch is capable of everything . ” called delicate ; and the king had reached , in his jealousy of buckingham , the point of not being jealous of anyone else . brute ! ” said aramis . the executioner . , that if it be so , ’ tis an ill turn , and well deserves to bring double evil on those who have projected it . ” ” said de guiche , “ a strange face ; but these monks are subject to such degrading practices ; their fasts make them pale , the blows of the discipline make them hypocrites ,	91.60589599609375
and their eyes become inflamed through weeping for the good things of this life we common folk enjoy , but they have lost . ” dovecot a <unk> boy between twelve and fifteen years of age whom he fancied he had seen not twenty minutes before under the guise of a chorister . had taken place between the cardinal and himself , and drawing the commission from his pocket , said , “ here , my dear athos , this naturally belongs to you . ” as he opened the door , the stranger bowed and took his leave , and the carriage conveyed him straight to the house of m. de villefort . charged ? ” a young girl , as beautiful as she is today .	55.442291259765625
in this difficulty a bright idea has flashed across my brain . ” michon the dress of a cavalier and for kitty that of a lackey ; he sent them two excellent horses , and the fugitives went out hastily from tours , <unk> their course toward spain , trembling at the least noise , following <unk> roads , and asking for hospitality when they found themselves where there was no inn . ” blacas ; he is a man of strong and elevated understanding , ambitious , too , and , _pardieu ! _ you know his father ’ s name ! ” minutes the monk turned around to ascertain whether he was followed or not . was attracted by this altercation . in his guest ,	90.46295928955078
who , besides , was a nobleman , had left to him his house , his supper and his chamber . number of men steadily approaching . at the sixth rib and buried up to the hilt in his body . carelessly and sat down by a loophole in the wall , letting his legs <unk> outside . s room . ” come and seek a quarrel with me on account of the fair lady i detain a prisoner ; but i have judges quite ready who will quickly dispose of a woman so <unk> as to glide , a <unk> , into the bed of lord de winter , my brother . , until his father had disappeared at the rue <unk> . them of their mistresses	75.01663970947266
, but he was neither acquainted with porthos ’ s nor aramis ’ s , and as to athos , he had none . , when he spoke to you , for sending him about his business . ” and when our journey is paid , we shall have 5,000 francs left . ” my dear athos , without inquiring further about our friend , to pay my respects to m. planchet . ” this is an adventure worthy a place in the varied career of that royal bandit . ” replied de comminges , “ that there are no prisoners at rueil , because there is no prison . ” villefort , ” replied the doctor , “ my first duty is to humanity . towards him	45.44316864013672
? , ’ cried i , rising , for at that <unk> voice i had recovered all my strength , ‘ on the cross i swear that no promise , no menace , no force , no torture , shall close my mouth ! , ” replied danglars , with the confidence of ignorance . only to me , but to officers of justice and the king , is that an innocent man should <unk> in prison , the victim of an infamous denunciation , to die here cursing his executioners . ” i took them home with me , with the permission of the guardian , and devoured them . his relief with his whip in his hand . said caderousse . i am quite sure that	71.37380981445312
after turning out all my pockets and emptying my drawers i shall not find ten louis at home . affect him , and he took a perfectly physical sensation for a moral impression . rue des lombards , who has great influence upon the <unk> of his quarter . ” , monsieur de tréville , i am vexed with you ! ” cry of surprise , which was not quite free from joy . and chose the hundred pistoles , which the englishman paid down on the spot . he knows me , he fears me , and knows what he has to expect of me if ever i escape from his hands . the little strait through which they were about to pass and the rock where	62.554866790771484
the young man stood with bare head and crossed arms . the count . bishop , ” said the king to the man , “ i shall hear you with pleasure , sir . ” of submission , and followed the ladies who were to conduct her to her room . , ” observed aramis , “ gentlemen , that the son hasn ’ t his mother ’ s energy . ” am in a worse humor than usual , ” replied danglars . ? ” replied athos , whilst mounting also , “ seeing he was used so long to brush your hats . ” d ’ artagnan , “ this is rather warm ; it appears that milady and i are anxious about the health of	40.89378356933594
the same person . a self-possessed , disdainful smile . was speaking , the queen appeared to be well pleased with the coadjutor ’ s harangue ; but terminating as it did with such a phrase , the only one which could be caught at by the <unk> , anne turned around and directed a glance toward her favorites , which announced that she delivered up the coadjutor to their tender mercies . who sought distraction , while traveling as fast as possible—for he was anxious to be in paris by the <unk> from time to time to fly the magpie , a pastime for which the taste had been formerly inspired in him by de luynes , and for which he had always preserved a great <unk>	92.744873046875
. second day m. de villefort received the following note : result of those duels ? ” therefore , more at my ease , <unk> <unk> , in a subject of my own choice , which would be to these hard theological questions what morals are to <unk> in philosophy . ” , that a frenchman might show himself in public , either in tunis , constantinople , bagdad , or cairo , without being treated in that way . ” monsieur d ’ artagnan , ” said raoul , “ you are such a brave gentleman and the comte de la fere has so much affection for you ! ” and adventurous captain . ” that a signature given under circumstances like the present might be regarded	65.0659408569336
as extorted by violence . ” ” said the major , who , seeing the object of his journey frustrated by the absence of the papers , feared also that his forgetfulness might give rise to some difficulty concerning the 48,000 <unk> “ ah , indeed , that is a fortunate circumstance ; yes , that really is lucky , for it never occurred to me to bring them . ” marked as such and sent to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation at the address specified in section 4 , “ information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . ” where is this house that i purchase ? ” asked the count carelessly , addressing himself half to bertuccio , half to the notary	58.731746673583984
. each other for a <unk> one with a smile of <unk> on his lips , the other with the pallor of death on his brow . , and if you will come thither , i beg you to make haste , for we have lost much time already . ” he said , after a short time , “ answer candidly , —something vexes you—is it not so ? ” thing possible ? ” signal . ” the day it happened ; but as you were not guilty of any crime , as you were not guilty of any intrigue , as you , in short , knew nothing that could compromise yourself or anybody else , i attached no more importance to that event than it	56.41864776611328
merited . ” man darted through several rooms , till at length he reached valentine ’ s . same way ; we will stop at la réserve , and we can drink a glass of la <unk> , whilst we wait for news . ” face of the countess , as it was covered with a thin veil she had put on her head , and which fell over her features in misty folds , but it seemed to him as though her voice had altered . advanced , consisting of from twenty to twenty-five men ; but they were not pioneers , they were soldiers of the garrison . what think you of this ? ” inquired the king triumphantly , and <unk> for a moment from	60.37297439575195
the voluminous <unk> before him . ? ” demanded porthos . ! afterward . ” anxious glance at d ’ artagnan , whose good looks seemed to have made an impression on her . like a letter to the minister that they might explain to you—— ” time , my friend , as the cardinal says , a musketeer against my will , but a churchman at heart , believe me . such a spectacle know that there is nothing more solemn , more striking , than the <unk> sea , rolling , with its deafening roar , its dark billows beneath the pale light of a wintry moon . ” said she , clasping her hands , “ forgive your child for being the bearer of evil	52.61754608154297
tidings . ” said porthos . suit . this long sleep ? resumed the jesuit , “ st . their lackeys leading their horses , took their way to the town of béthune , whose outskirts they perceived , and stopped before the first inn they came to . du mont-blanc , guided by the instinct which leads thieves always to take the safest path , he found himself at the end of the rue la <unk> . swords appear like flashes of lightning ; as for the men , they were scarcely perceptible , the darkness was so great . a horse dealer ’ s , where i saw this magnificent horse , which i have named médéah . quai de <unk> to have a new blade	56.659423828125
put to his sword , and then returned toward the louvre , inquiring of the first musketeer he met for the situation of the hôtel of m. de tréville , which proved to be in the rue du <unk> ; that is to say , in the immediate vicinity of the chamber hired by d ’ artagnan—a circumstance which appeared to furnish a happy augury for the success of his journey . ” replied monte cristo ; “ but if you intend to tell an <unk> , reflect it were better not to speak at all . ” for fear that even a fragment should remain ; for that letter must have led to your condemnation . ” . i hastened to the river , sat down on	53.55329895019531
the bank , and with my knife forced open the lock of the box . ” he cried . <unk> coffee , we seem to have forgotten it , ” and he conducted the guests back to the table on the lawn . <unk> forbade my sending for you ; and , as you say , i am myself agitated , feverish and out of sorts . beauchamp , “ what still <unk> you , my friend ? ” ” said aramis , “ he will consent to appear before such a tribunal ? ” raoul , and your politeness has touched me . ” ” cried aramis , taking from his saddle-bags a second pistol , “ i think if your pistols have been discharged you are	60.500816345214844
a dead man . ” up the letter , aramis ? ” said d ’ artagnan . he called out to the postilions at every ascent . ” same <unk> fearful revelations of the three last days had crushed him . the voice . i <unk> . ” , and sprang up by the side of the coachman . parisians , ” <unk> d ’ artagnan , “ offering only the other day , by an edict of the parliament , six hundred thousand francs to any man <unk> who would deliver up the cardinal to them , dead or <unk> alive , in order to hang him ; if dead , to deny him the rites of christian burial ! ” ” said aramis ; “ we	47.35352325439453
are dying of hunger . mousqueton . opinion ? ” interposed renée , “ you know very well it was agreed that all these disagreeable reminiscences should forever be laid aside . ” plank , took out a flask of wine , drank some , and then passed it to his companion . in the room , was it not , count ? ” she asked . livres , ” said the procurator ’ s wife , with a sigh . that you will all be quite so disinterested as monsieur de la fere , ” replied the cardinal , bowing to athos . lover ; but as you are satisfied of my love , you must , in your turn , satisfy me of yours . ?	38.09504699707031
” asked albert , who , being a constant visitor there , did not understand this opposition to his entrance . ” cried mordaunt , “ you are betrayed . gold , money , to restrain d ’ artagnan , constantly in advance of the little troop , and to beg him to keep in the line , which in an instant he again departed from . to be caused by some unexpected attack , either of the besieged or the english , sprang to their swords . in a suit of glistening watered silk , <unk> with steel buttons , beautifully cut and polished . reading , as if trying to guess its contents , or perhaps while making up his mind how to act , whatever	82.44546508789062
it might contain . d ’ artagnan to himself . , which , owing to the noise , could scarcely have been heard , two or three musket shots resounded , succeeded by a terrible discharge . conclusion as he entered the antechamber . steward transacts all this business for me . ” , monsieur ? third day . opened and a footman announced mademoiselle paulet . all , ” said valentine ; “ from you i have nothing to conceal . holiness , before you go , i beseech you ! ” he cried . a ring which comes from my sovereign ? ? ’ said my father to some people who were holding a paper inscribed with characters of gold . of the hoofs was lost	55.395042419433594
in the distance d ’ artagnan remounted the bank of the stream and scoured the plain , followed by his three friends , directing their course , as well as they could guess , toward london . ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , and disappeared . the swiss , who had needed a little time to take in d ’ artagnan ’ s proposal , “ pooh ! same gesture athos and bonacieux , “ let them be guarded more closely than ever . ” about twenty or twenty-two years , active and lively , the true _soubrette_ of a great <unk> from the step upon which , according to the custom of the time , she was seated , and took her way toward the terrace	53.90729522705078
upon which d ’ artagnan had perceived lubin . was opened . regard you as my son : well , then , to save my son , i will sacrifice my life , nay , even my fortune . ” preoccupation is death ; is it not then , curious to study the different ways by which the soul and body can part ; and how , according to their different characters , temperaments , and even the different customs of their countries , different persons bear the transition from life to death , from existence to <unk> ? ” said he , “ she is asleep ; that ’ s well . may , sir , ” said the queen with a bitter smile ; “ you	67.70130920410156
were not so timid once . ” his name . ” andrea , “ if my father had met me , i doubt if he would have recognized me ; i must be somewhat altered since he last saw me . ” instant i hoped it was so . , valentine ? ” saint denis , athos looked at raoul ’ s way of riding and observed : ” he replied , “ that we shall soon be obliged to separate , unless you love me well enough to follow me to italy . ” , and prayed earnestly . the clock strike eleven , bowed low , asking permission of the king to retire , and supplicating him to come to a good understanding with the queen	54.193546295166016
. in his chamber the personal equipment of a man , complete , except for the sword , arranged along the wall . horse to let , whether it be good or bad . an ambassador . ” ” said the brigadier , who thoroughly understood the trick ; “ a bad sign to find the door open ! my father ? ” stammered he ; “ why do you mingle a recollection of him with the affairs of today ? ” , madame , ” answered monte cristo . , mordieu ! off at the moment i had that unfortunate difference with the gentleman you speak of . ” then to my adversary , who had likewise remarked it . the vast resources of his genius were	74.96839904785156
at work night and day , engaged in listening to the least report heard in any of the great kingdoms of europe . on their shoulders , and thus the children had the best view . and it was an excellent idea of yours to open the doors and the <unk> ” as he ceased speaking , the count felt the hand of mercédès tremble . red-hot iron , the iron of the executioner , was imprinted on my shoulder . ” ; you know i am a sailor . ” said he , “ i believe so . ” ” burst simultaneously from all who were near enough to the magistrate to hear his words . man ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ again he	51.78409194946289
, forever he ! want me to do ? ’ asked the magistrate . just at the point where one of my forefathers is offering his sword to francis i. , who has broken his . protestations of alarm , d ’ artagnan slipped him gently down into the arms of athos , who stood immovable at the bottom of the wall . the <unk> of the firing . diminished in size as it approached the outside , to an opening through which a child could not have passed , was , for better security , furnished with three iron bars , so as to quiet all apprehensions even in the mind of the most suspicious jailer as to the possibility of a prisoner ’ s escape .	72.12439727783203
, <unk> unlike the virtuous monsieur grimaud so <unk> by la ramee ; for he said nothing and did much . the spy may have been deceived by the person ; but the face— ” the coadjutor , on seeing him , “ you are in disgrace , then , abbé ? ” around the circle and laid himself , with the deepest respect , at the feet of monsieur de chavigny , who at first seemed inclined to like the joke and laughed long and loud , but a frown succeeded , and he bit his lips with vexation . will accomplish what you have postponed in this . ” the air of liberty ! athos . , stupefied , cast down , annihilated by all that	78.36341857910156
happened , stood , with crossed arms , before the musketeer and mme . me , and want to try me ! ” said d ’ artagnan , whom anger began to take by the hair , as minerva takes achilles , in the <unk> . the gascon , “ i believe in devotion as a word at one ’ s baptism , for instance , which naturally comes before one ’ s proper name ; every one is naturally more or less devout , certainly ; but there should be at the end of one ’ s devotion something to gain . ” d ’ artagnan passed to the other side of the room with porthos and aramis . , perhaps , ” said morrel . hate	65.75740051269531
you , my friend . the count , turning towards franz , “ it seems to me that this is a very likely story . you , all three , that had the executioner of <unk> he not of bethune ? <unk> , egad ! , my god ! , ” answered the gascon . ” , seated on his bed with his head in his hands , tried to collect his scattered thoughts . seeing nature partake of the disorder of her heart . said the abbé , “ read this other paper ; ” and he presented to dantès a second leaf with fragments of lines written on it , which edmond read as follows : m. andrea cavalcanti . ” bandits were on their feet	54.07541275024414
, and twenty carbines were levelled at the count . was fired and a ball passed through the hat of comminges and broke the arm of one of the guards . our flight , and we can select any time we choose . me ? ” the prince . had a vision of the seven fat kine and the seven lean kine ? ” gentlemen here , count , ” she said ; “ they would prefer , i should think , to breathe in the garden rather than <unk> here , since they are not playing . ” ” said danglars , after he had convinced himself of the authenticity of the documents he held , and rising as if to salute the power of gold personified	68.244140625
in the man before him , — “ three letters of unlimited credit ! ” cried caderousse , almost breathless with eager admiration , “ you say , is worth fifty thousand francs ? ” slope had been formed , and the rock had slid along this until it stopped at the spot it now occupied . princes , neither were they dukes , neither were they men in power ; they were not even rich . maximilian ! ” gentlemen come in , but appeared to take no notice of them . ” said the countess , “ that my present residence is 22 rue de <unk> , and that i am at home to my friends every saturday evening . ; you see them whenever god	86.92257690429688
pleases to allow them to assume a material form . sir ; the servants who fled from the house informed me . murmured , as he left the threshold of the palace : “ ungrateful court ! him , and hope his railway , his electric telegraph , or his search for baths , will ruin him , i am watching for his discomfiture , which must soon take place . ” instead of serving her . ” exclaimed the gascon , surprised . ” replied rochefort , falling on one knee . twenty-five or six , and held a piece of cloth , which , being a tailor , he was about to make into a <unk> . , that four hundred thousand pounds are owing to	65.77458190917969
the scottish army . ” to him and whispered in his ear : we have not finished breakfast ; the second , that we still have some very important things to say ; and the third , that it yet wants ten minutes before the lapse of the hour . ” name by chance ; for before fighting us , these four gentlemen told us their names ; the second was called the comte de la fere . i not owe you , aramis ? ” said d ’ artagnan . wrongly in endeavoring to mortify me , ” said d ’ artagnan , in whom the natural <unk> spirit began to speak more loudly than his <unk> resolutions . ” are frequently too dark and mysterious to	58.68130111694336
be easily penetrated . approaching it to a light . ” said the young man , laughing , “ she thinks i am worth something . lodger , ” said he ; “ there is a very pretty girl waiting for you upstairs ; and you know women don ’ t like to be kept waiting . ” besides , her majesty had said , ‘ ladies , wait for me , ’ and she did not dare to disobey the queen . ” an imperceptible smile and began . head , and her little foot worked with impatience beneath her robe . ” added d ’ artagnan , “ that whenever i catch him i will kill him , this mordaunt . ” the garden a second	52.31267547607422
time , the count re-entered his carriage , while bertuccio , who perceived the thoughtful expression of his master ’ s features , took his seat beside the driver without uttering a word . of it till i am tired , but he is fascinated with his <unk> . saying , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that after having demanded my head of the cardinal , milady had quit the shores of france . man retained his senses ? ” ! as you have seen , ” replied the count ; “ and i frequently make use of <unk> all possible prudence though , be it observed , ” he added with a smile of intelligence . forsooth , ” said rochefort , “ and when	39.6259765625
you find any of them , you march them off to the bastile . ” at last said anne of austria , “ you are silent , after rendering such a service ? ” a few drops of wine and a piece of bread , charles , weary of waiting for death , had suddenly decided to go to meet it and had given the signal for movement . caderousse as a bad man , and i thought him incapable of committing a crime , or even a <unk> . ” m. cavalcanti , as the count ’ s father , who highly approved of the union , regretted his inability to leave <unk> at that time , and promised a wedding gift of a hundred and fifty	64.62957000732422
thousand livres . all . stated the number of guests . ” ? ” he asked . ” and the count placed the packet in the man ’ s hands . was poisoning us . ” or eighteen days ago . ” two o ’ clock ask leave to make up a game at tennis with la ramee and let him send two or three balls over the ramparts . ” business , if we please , in an hour , for i have received a letter from m. delaunay , in which he offers to purchase the good-will of the house , to unite with his own , for 300,000 francs . that , i shall take care , i assure you . ” cried the monk	37.79332733154297
, standing up and lifting his hands to heaven . moment to <unk> your existence to the king of kings , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ if you persist in offering him a civility . ground were scratched the following words : fob a magnificent <unk> , bearing the name of its maker , of parisian manufacture , and a count ’ s coronet . when you asked me to propose you . monte cristo “ i perfectly recollect him ; i think he was your colleague . ” is best that he should follow us to athos ’ s . ” off or near , ” said kitty , “ i shall always love you . ” place where you are located also govern what	49.33926773071289
you can do with this work . on it , ” said albert , whose mind was beginning to get bewildered with the excitement of his feelings . dinner , when everyone , under the attraction of wine and in the warmth of conversation , believed they had two or three hours longer to enjoy themselves at table , aramis looked at his watch , arose with a <unk> smile , and took leave of the company , to go , as he said , to consult a casuist with whom he had an appointment . . saint-méran , m. <unk> ” us die here ! ’ i recall to you that word . ” sealed up as it is , doubtless , ” said the procureur .	44.747779846191406
, therefore , that the conversation during the whole of dinner turned upon the two checks that his eminence ’ s guardsmen had received . the base of a pillar , lighted up with its pale and flickering flame the singular scene which presented itself to the eyes of the two visitors concealed in the shadow . avenue was a nobleman , dressed in green and with as much gilding about him as the iron gate , riding on a tall horse . you take this poniard , ’ said the young herdsman ; ‘ you will not find one better carved between albano and civita-castellana . ’ let us return to the camp . ” m. morrel—— ” work you must have needed <unk> you any ?	79.18580627441406
” pavilion situated at the corner of a large court , and directly opposite another building , in which were the servants ’ apartments . upon the carriage they had left , and seeing that it was empty , she said : me , for these are things which a king can not say for himself . ” to send me fifty louis or so , of which i stood absolutely in need on account of my accident . ” vengeance , and how desire <unk> a man ! say that my gains amounted to 5,000 francs . d ’ artagnan , “ let us be off ! menace terrifies me . no more knew where aramis was than where athos and porthos were , and the affair	59.16907501220703
was becoming a matter of great <unk> , when he fancied he heard a pane of glass break in his room window . her husband ’ s feet . say exactly , ” answered the gascon , confused . word , and i have given you mine . ” i implore you , my king . ” to find much resistance on the part of the flesh , and she was sufficiently skillful to prevail over all the obstacles of the mind . , you are the most honorable man i have ever known . ” light all night , they had made but little progress . with evident signs of astonishment . thing becomes more and more <unk> yourself . ” and silently took her hand .	51.618804931640625
caderousse , “ did he know so little of his lovely betrothed ? ” of the english ranks , fell upon athos , twined arms of steel around him , and tearing his sword from him , said in his ear : ? ” arles , she had shared in the beauty for which its women are proverbial ; but that beauty had gradually withered beneath the <unk> influence of the slow fever so prevalent among <unk> by the ponds of aiguemortes and the marshes of <unk> . ! ” cried anne , when he had retired , stretching out her arm to the scarcely closed door , “ one day i will make you drink the dregs of the atrocious gall you have poured out on me	103.05599975585938
to-day . ” came the next morning to my house , thinking that he had to do with an <unk> all other abbés . ” <unk> i struggle against such remembrances as he has left ; but that i am not ambitious i am going to prove to you . , and before soldiers , officers , or colonel had time to recover their surprise all four were in the street . and now i wish to see him on an affair of great importance . in the neighborhood of noyon that he must seek that estate . for the last time with them . thoughts passed through his mind . young to die ! ” m. morrel bringing a doctor , and the doctor said it was	70.90145874023438
inflammation of the <unk> , and ordered him a limited diet . put our prisoners in a place of safety , ” replied d ’ artagnan . , and sell it ; it is worth fifty thousand francs , and i repeat my wish that this sum may suffice to release you from your wretchedness . ” show us the way and we will follow you . ” happened , friend porthos . his part , had gained the summit of all his wishes . ? ” me all about it , for it must be interesting . ” ; what is the use of going to-day to learn something else ? ” churchman is killed , it should be with a different weapon than a log ,	45.26748275756836
especially when he has behaved like a father . the person who let down the ladder . time since the late cardinal burnt urban grandier , though . ” ” said the valet , “ in the same carriage as your majesties ? ” , m. de tréville had the right of entry at all times . services ; with the same frankness i accept them . by resisting longer he should appear selfish in the eyes of athos . ” ” said she . was prisoner until i paid the sum of 4,000 roman <unk> <unk> francs . again ? ” this woman . porthos , “ that was very good of him , it seems to me . ” me. ” dantès waited , expecting a	63.892669677734375
question , but in vain . ’ artagnan said to himself , “ he wishes to make me speak out . upon a coverlet taken from the bed of d ’ artagnan , and which d ’ artagnan from that time made shift to do without . . , for felton was now her only <unk> only means of safety . to pay their respects to the king and queen in their coach . i shall have to make a journey . instead of becoming calmer , the noise increases . ” this means , ” exclaimed he . inarticulate words , then let her head again drop upon her knees , and went into a fit of ague , leaving the two speakers to resume the conversation	56.684017181396484
, but remaining so as to be able to hear every word they uttered . know if the duke of buckingham is in paris , and if he has had , or is likely to have , an interview with the queen . ” forgotten nothing ! first , and three balls , by passing through it , made the napkin really a flag . tended toward the wall ; on the other side he found similar tracks , then <unk> of horses and then signs of a troop of cavalry which had moved away in the direction of enghien . debray had been dividing two millions and a half with madame danglars was another , inhabited by persons who have played too prominent a part in the	93.82022094726562
incidents we have related for their appearance not to create some interest . eyes to heaven with so fervent an expression of gratitude , that the count fancied he saw tears in them . whose desire to partake of the good things provided for the wedding party had induced him to become reconciled to the dantès , father and son , although there still lingered in his mind a faint and <unk> recollection of the events of the preceding night ; just as the brain retains on waking in the morning the dim and misty outline of a dream . ” continued caderousse , “ he owns a magnificent <unk> . the queen , “ you bring us three things which we have not seen for a long	84.24905395507812
time . whisper to me that there must be something more than chance in this unexpected <unk> of friendship . , while the rich magnificence of her attire drew all eyes upon her . and let us go . ” , and villefort heard someone speak his name . <unk> , <unk> , or <unk> , a dozen places where we left our goods , and where , in case of necessity , we concealed ourselves from the gendarmes and custom-house officers . lost in wonder to find myself promoted to an honor of which i feel myself <unk> of being the husband of mercédès . ” ; all were eager to speak to him , as is always the case with those whose words are few and	72.88627624511719
weighty . more mine than yours , and neither of us will quit this prison . franz , “ i suppose you will allow that such men as vampa and his band are regular villains , who have no other motive than plunder when they seize your person . du vallon , are we not to enjoy his society ? ” my lord ? so completely transformed , thanks to the old clothes that the departing husband had left behind , that d ’ artagnan himself could hardly recognize him . number to wait upon the duke of orleans , who , according to his custom , affected popularity . as complete as that of the bridge of ce . ” , but in a very different way	75.84859466552734
from that which de bassompierre supposed ; for after the death of richelieu everything went on , contrary to expectation , in the same way as before ; and bassompierre had little chance of leaving his prison . , a <unk> coward . ” maximilian . sire , set the example . on a thick and soft carpet , and his guides let go their hold of him . morrel ’ s features ; he seized monte cristo ’ s hand . , addressing raoul , “ if you are not too tired , follow me . ” little ! fault that they are bandits , but that of the authorities . ” for the convenience of the house , to lodge in the fourth story ; and	56.239601135253906
truth obliges us even to confess that his chamber was just above the <unk> and below the roof . dear valentine , ” said the baroness , “ that you are , doubtless , suffering . ” , ” continued albert , “ of a new deed of his , and so heroic a one , that , although i have seen him today for the first time , i request you to allow me to introduce him as my friend . ” the signs which might have confounded her with a lady of rank . asleep upon a bench . , ” replied the duke “ let us suppose , for instance , that my maitre d ’ hotel , noirmont , has purchased the shop of	57.993412017822266
pere <unk> ” ten millions on his signature . of going out in such weather as this . ’ ! . . ” ? ” the young man ’ s account with a seriousness which proved that he saw something else in this adventure besides a love affair . an arm , surpassingly beautiful in their form and whiteness , glided through the tapestry . must die , ” replied the president calmly . a <unk> in the rue bourdonnais . ” corner ; do not forget them , they are in many circumstances very useful ; there is porthos ’ s purse , too . ” of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.f.3 , this work is provided to you ‘ as-is ’ , with	51.93301773071289
no other warranties of any kind , express or implied , including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for any purpose . , of turbulent character , and whom i suspected of bonapartism , has been secretly to the island of elba . a man possesses a young and pretty wife , he has no need to seek happiness elsewhere . himself . not familiar with the slang of the rue de <unk> , and as it is fifteen years since we applied this word for the first time to this thing , allow us to explain to them what is a mousetrap . ; we have a second bed in the adjoining room . ’ influence had brought them to this house , and	62.5805549621582
yet astonished , even uneasy though they were , they still felt that they would not like to be absent . looked inquiringly at d ’ artagnan . down , and they felt themselves obliged to descend from dreams to reality ; after having exhausted the ideal , they found they must talk of the actual . you about , aramis ? ” continued athos . father died in your arms , happy , respected , rich , and full of years ; his father died poor , despairing , almost doubtful of providence ; and when his son sought his grave ten years afterwards , his tomb had disappeared , and no one could say , ‘ there sleeps the father you so well loved . ’	89.84658813476562
” ? ” said the count ; “ 900,000 francs ? retractation so far as to kill me if i do not make it , although i have repeated more than once , and affirmed on my honor , that i was ignorant of the thing with which you charge me , and although i still declare that it is impossible for anyone but you to recognize the count of morcerf under the name of fernand ? ” the streets , full of people on account of the fete , and arrived opposite the old cathedral , where first mass was going on . therefore , monseigneur , that i should be informed as to the intentions of france . s hands with a transport which he took	42.83164596557617
for love , but which was only joy at being no longer alone in the world , and seeing at last a friend , after long hours of solitary sorrow . so beautiful in reality , you , so pure in appearance , must have committed great iniquities for lord de winter to pursue you thus . ” him to the surface . to reflect ; for instead of allowing his first impulse , which had been to go straight to lord de winter , to carry him away , he leisurely descended the staircase , left the palace with his head down , mounted his horse , which he <unk> in at the corner of the rue richelieu , and with his eyes fixed on the gate	61.742733001708984
, waited until the queen ’ s carriage had left the court . to laugh <unk> in another manner . ” of the camp , near an immense tent , in which the scottish officers were holding a kind of council , presided over by lord leven , their commander , a man attired as a cavalier lay sleeping on the turf , his right hand extended over his sword . he closed his eyes and leaned upon the table . , the more she thinks of them ; and often , when they least expect it , they have proof of a kind remembrance . ” , and made kitty repeat the smallest details of the pretended interview of the _soubrette_ with de wardes when he received	84.65998077392578
the letter ; how he had responded ; what was the expression of his face ; if he seemed very amorous . german , my lord , ” replied raoul ; “ but i doubt it , for his accent is bad and his <unk> defective . ” for our undertaking , company would be in the way . ” you , day by day , your actions from your entrance to the service of the cardinal to this evening . ” a fee or distribute a project gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement , you must obtain permission in writing from the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the manager of the project gutenberg™ trademark .	44.91825866699219
in the count ’ s words , which once more revived the exhausted powers of the miserable man . announced the count of morcerf to monte cristo , and the latter , leading haydée aside , ordered that morcerf be asked into the drawing-room . man arrived from one direction and the monk from the other , the latter dismounting from his mule and desiring that it should be taken to the stables without being unharnessed . bowed in their turn . it and i now repeat it : our destinies are irrevocably united , although we now pursue <unk> roads . honor , ” said athos , “ one must be either a mazarinist or a frondeur . , ” said lord de winter . you are	69.75605010986328
<unk> is a queen . ” place i gave you fifty . ” into your flesh , if you insinuate a bullet into your brain , which the least shock <unk> , —then certainly , you will suffer pain , and you will repent quitting a life for a repose you have bought at so dear a price . ” madame , ” said mazarin ; “ nothing can <unk> such testimony . ” expend considerable effort to identify , do copyright research on , transcribe and proofread works not protected by u.s. copyright law in creating the project gutenberg™ collection . to find someone of whom he could ask a question . he gazed thoughtfully for a time at the upper stories of the shabby little house	68.74761199951172
. i will go myself . ” ” again , at full gallop . ” made an appointment to meet at eleven o ’ clock at the hotel , and each started out to fulfill his dangerous mission . the count . leave me ; you will come to me , or you will let me come to you . found , at the place indicated by the count , the sum of money which he , through a sense of delicacy , had described as having been placed there twenty-four years previously . ask these gentlemen where they are caught . ” from now ? ” on my part , monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for having only arrived yesterday in paris ,	35.20506286621094
i as yet know no one but monsieur de tréville , to whom i was recommended by my father , who has the honor to be , in some degree , one of his friends . ” ? ” almost screamed the countess . , and soon entered it . ’ he said , ‘ i know them . lead your highness into places where you will have to walk . ” answering , but the gesture might pass for assent . pastrini , ” said franz ; “ but we must have some supper instantly , and a carriage for tomorrow and the following days . ” all the guests simultaneously . i promise you some good exercise ! ” said the gascon . nobody opposed ,	45.59974670410156
he resumed a little courage , and ventured to draw up one leg and then the other . you ? which pleases me , ” cried athos , with a gracious nod to d ’ artagnan . in theology i should recollect what it was he used to dispute about with the curate of montdidier and the superior of the jesuits , when we were at crevecoeur ; i should know what <unk> he <unk> to and i should <unk> from that what saint he has adopted as his patron . opened the poor man ’ s jacket to feel if the heart beat , whilst the host approached in his turn ; but in a moment they both fell back , the host uttering a cry of	77.31393432617188
horror and grimaud becoming pallid . old man . , too much wit . ” franz , “ anything new ? —do they refuse ? ” told me that you had a secret to confide in me . count , ” he said , “ let us on with all the speed we may . , i shall never forget the reproachful look which he cast on me , and the tears of utter despair which chased each other down his lifeless cheeks . we are cousins , ” said porthos , without being disconcerted , as he had never reckoned upon being received enthusiastically by the husband . with hope , then with anger , and then again with shame , for from beauchamp ’ s confidence	67.69811248779297
he knew his father was guilty , and he asked himself how , since he was guilty , he could prove his innocence . strange manner this woman had hitherto been mixed up in his destiny . concluded when the name of his visitor was announced . the matter , raoul ? ” said athos , very anxiously . impossible , seeing that you were not at home , as he could see . ” the queen , shaking her head . my brother sends for us . ” all the garden two or three times to find the famous spring , and , being unsuccessful , he will soon purchase all the contiguous houses . , as if he came from <unk> an enemy and not frenchmen	57.15428924560547
. ? ” you escape . ” reply to make , ’ said the count in a low tone . me a false diamond ? ” the king , but supposing i happened to be killed on account of mazarin , as your nephew came near being to-day , there could be nothing in paradise , however well placed i might be there , that could console me for it . ” husband with an expression which , at any other time , would have indicated a storm , but for the second time she controlled herself . ’ t know . ” <unk> ? ” , is because nobody is more worthy than yourself . ” have an enemy much more to be dreaded by me than	47.60426712036133
this little madame bonacieux . ” his two pistols , what a terrible noise he made with his sword ! the most miserable of queens , but the most unhappy of <unk> , the most wretched of wives . master these eight fools and their stupid captain . , ” replied the musketeers , in a hollow voice . into all the cabarets in which there was a light , but could not find planchet in any of them . madame , by my uniform , that i am an officer in the english navy , ” replied the young man . tennis court . his father ’ s marriage and his own baptismal register , and after having opened them with all the eagerness which might be	65.0399169921875
expected under the circumstances , he read them with a facility which proved that he was accustomed to similar documents , and with an expression which plainly denoted an unusual interest in the contents . and my own . to preparing their bed which consisted of a plank and a valise . noirtier made a sign to her to stop . all through an opening he had made in the curtain , and in the very first man who entered he recognized planchet . under the trees , followed by the tutor , and the young men were laughing and talking about a hundred yards off . no ; i am not called louis the just without reason . , without stopping at the telegraph , which flourished	73.16791534423828
its great bony arms as he passed , the count reached the tower of montlhéry , situated , as everyone knows , upon the highest point of the plain of that name . , and when i came to the louvre i left orders if he came , to desire him to wait . ” the throat : woman ? ” , whatever might happen , to be observant of his duty to the king , but particularly to the queen , begging him to convey his desires to his comrades . artagnan and porthos conducted mazarin to the queen ; and the one received his commission , the other his patent of nobility . seeing these tears . curiosity , for she had not yet related what	62.94059753417969
he most desired to know , —how she had become the slave of the count . know all that i wish to know . , ” athos continued , with that charming and paternal interest felt by a grown man for a youth . d ’ artagnan , seizing his own ; “ now you understand , porthos ? ” , do you not , madame ? broussel , ” said porthos . to england ? ” favor them in sending what they were so assiduously seeking . my dear monsieur cavalcanti , that it is useless for you to tell people in france that you have been separated from your son for fifteen years . , yet the duke continued his course . many words ; and	44.4141731262207
it must be so , for the abbé knows correctly the amount of all the largest fortunes in europe . ” , mercédès , have you no request to make ? ” said the count . of this address d ’ artagnan had seized porthos ’ s arm , which he pressed with gradually increasing force . announced , and d ’ artagnan was introduced . ” said the duke , “ and return as soon as possible . ” franz , laughing , “ in token of your ingratitude . ” emmanuel , when they were at the end of the place royale , “ put me down at my door , that my wife may not have a single moment of needless anxiety on my account	33.947998046875
or yours . ” you , ” answered the abbé , “ that i loathe the idea of shedding blood . ” standing among the rocks , apparently awaiting a sign from them to advance , and pointed him out to valentine . ; see what confidence i have in you ! ” torch . sort of intoxication is not dangerous , and will have no bad effects . ” the cardinal , “ then it will be time to claim the order which you just now required . ” charming journey the other day , when it <unk> bullets and produced a crop of steel traps ! ” will go . cardinal . ” world . ” regiment that was at lens , which the prince assigned	65.31119537353516
to the cardinal . ” madame de villefort , “ the door was towards the road before , and on the day of my miraculous escape you brought me into the house from the road , i remember . ” to know her name , nor do i know it . ” horizons ; your soul is darkened , and consequently the sky of the future appears stormy and <unk> . ” ” replied he , “ follow monsieur de la fere wherever he leads , even were it on to death , without demanding wherefore ; but when it concerns your majesty ’ s service , then , ” added he , looking at the queen with all the grace of former days , “ i precede	41.867523193359375
the count . ” bills at ninety days only , and none of the banks would give him credit . replied the brigadier ; ‘ and as his head is valued at a thousand roman crowns , there would have been five hundred for you , if you had helped us to catch him. ’ the two young persons exchanged looks . fellow who paid like a prince . finished dinner , i will show it to you , and then we will take coffee in the garden . , and called barrois . my dear fellow , why master <unk> never work with their hands ? ” up with <unk> in the affairs of their countrymen who travel . ” . general alarm . ” albert ;	72.77313232421875
“ it is monte cristo and his greek ! ” his rounds at dantès ’ cell , and on leaving him he went on to faria ’ s dungeon , taking thither breakfast and some linen . the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate . pay ? ” news ? ” place , his yacht is not a ship , but a bird , and he would beat any <unk> three knots in every nine ; and if he were to throw himself on the coast , why , is he not certain of finding friends everywhere ? ” is not a man . ” wretched mazarin has made use of you . similar letters to that you have yourself received ; one from the	87.48271942138672
house of arstein & eskeles of vienna , to baron rothschild , the other drawn by <unk> of london , upon m. lafitte . you to understand . good as a century ! divan , tore off the cover of two or three of the papers , looked at the theatre <unk> , made a face seeing they gave an opera , and not a ballet ; hunted vainly amongst the <unk> for a new <unk> of which he had heard , and threw down , one after the other , the three leading papers of paris , muttering , madame danglars , alarmed , “ what is there more to hear ? ” that , for he has complained of feeling almost suffocated , and asked why	88.69679260253906
the venetian blinds were not opened as well as the windows . ” ; although it is only just beginning , did a lovely summer ’ s day ever dawn with greater purity than has marked the commencement of your career ? , ” said albert , with a bow . captured ? ” he cried ; “ no , not if i can use more activity than my enemies . the same voice . one that has ever taken place between the count and countess , who are still as much united , although married more than twenty years , as on the first day of their wedding . ” for help , ” said a lad , who could not comprehend that this little man should	69.37580871582031
make a stand against that other man , who was so large . château-renaud . gift , but is inherited from my relations . ” if her husband fails in controlling her ? ” asked lucien ; “ you know the character of the <unk> one has any influence with her , and she does precisely what she pleases . ” if advantage had been taken of his sleep , and having found his diamond ring on his finger , his purse in his pocket , and his pistols in his belt , he rose , paid for his bottle , and went out to try if he could have any better luck in his search after his lackey than he had had the night before . his	62.72640609741211
guests . been these ten years , connected with the house of morrel & son , of marseilles . here , then ? ” door , holding the cardinal ’ s horse by the bridle . hailed the _concierge_ , the massy gates rolled on their <unk> had seen the count coming , and at paris , as everywhere else , he was served with the rapidity of lightning . the accused appeared . ” said d ’ artagnan . had gazed sufficiently on this picturesque tableau , he raised his finger to his lips , to warn him to be silent , and , ascending the three steps which led to the corridor of the columbarium , entered the chamber by the middle arcade , and advanced	50.90973663330078
towards vampa , who was so intent on the book before him that he did not hear the noise of his footsteps . debray , taking out his watch . looked at his mother , and then , finding that she did not confirm the order , began cutting off the heads of his leaden soldiers . , gentlemen , too many ! very door the musketeer began to entertain some doubts . withdraw from the partially open door ; and twice or three times he even saw the shadow of a person intercept the light . ” he said , “ why did you not make that request of me ? ” loves this italian so much as they say she does ? ” of strength which	73.81523895263672
the hope of vengeance restored to his unfortunate friend to make a sign to porthos and aramis to go and fetch the superior . matter ? has certain reasons for not going to court . ” not so scarce as i thought . ” starvation . ” memory , ” said mazarin . death ; and still further , upon my honor , i don ’ t like english horses . a butcher ’ s son ? the stranger ; “ if , indeed , you feel any curiosity respecting one , now , alas , powerless to aid you in any way . ” replied fernand , “ you can endure your own wretchedness patiently , but you are afraid to share mine . an air as	53.147945404052734
majestic as that of an emperor , he stretched his hand towards that one of the roads which the traveller was to follow . added madame de villefort , “ is quite agreeable to the wishes of m. d ’ épinay and his family ; besides , he had no relations nearer than an uncle and aunt , his mother having died at his birth , and his father having been assassinated in 1815 , that is to say , when he was but two years old ; it naturally followed that the child was permitted to choose his own pursuits , and he has , therefore , seldom acknowledged any other authority but that of his own will . ” glass of water in your apartment ;	62.824947357177734
you know that is never refused among neighbors . ” ! , he saw cardinal spada ’ s letter written on the wall in characters of <unk> he slept for a moment the wildest dreams haunted his brain . can obtain it for him , i will readily give him the one and promise the other . a lieutenant in the guards , named comminges , made his appearance , with his clothes all torn , his face streaming with blood . wit , and a certain relative sensibility , which enables me to draw from life in general , for the support of mine , all i meet with that is good , like the monkey who <unk> the nut to get at its contents . ”	102.00311279296875
so , and i say it again . ” is indeed strange ! ” d ’ artagnan , pressing her hand still more warmly . who had been gone from the house since morning , to our great anxiety , did not return until late in the evening , dragging a monkey after him , which he said he had found <unk> to the foot of a tree . misery in the world ; there is only the comparison of one state with another , nothing more . ” ourselves , that m. de morcerf is one of the most assiduous peers at the luxembourg , a general renowned for theory , but a most mediocre amateur of art . she said to the doctor . ” replied	63.02751541137695
monte cristo , “ all this is an affair between the french captain and the daughter of vasiliki . to be reduced to dust and ashes like babylon , of which you have no doubt heard tell . ” execution , this worthy porthos . that might be audible , and every time that he rose to the top of a wave he scanned the horizon , and strove to penetrate the darkness . ’ s life . ” exclaimed raoul , alarmed . order that there might be no time lost , had saddled his horse himself . . of that , albert ? —at two-and-twenty to be thus famous ? ” said , “ there is one among you who knows the king , let him	57.1043815612793
approach and say whether it is really his majesty lying there . ” . ” another . , body and soul . ” and you will see if a phantom that <unk> is not more terrible than a living being that threatens ! ’ his lordship . matter . fellow knew me by my name i would be <unk> , for fear it might be thought i knew him . ” ? ” monte cristo “ it would be quite superfluous for you to tell me , for i already know it . ” must be young ; perhaps she is pretty . , ” said the abbé , as he re-entered the subterranean passage , in which he soon disappeared , followed by dantès . ” cried	47.365028381347656
athos , at the end of five hundred paces . mean ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . . salutation . following lines : ” answered porthos , “ i wish my lord cardinal , in order to do honor to my house , which gives him an asylum , would in remembrance of this adventure erect my estate into a barony , with a promise to confer that order on one of my particular friends , whenever his majesty next <unk> peers . ” de la boucherie . four gunshot holes in his cloak and two in his beaver . ix . the king . ” ” stammered out villefort , trying to smile ; “ but i can assure you that i had nothing to do	56.7903938293457
with any such proceeding . , ” replied guitant , laughing . , panting and astonished . convent of béthune will place in the hands of the person who shall present this note to her the novice who entered the convent upon my recommendation and under my patronage . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you have well said , but these are only words . mistaken ! ” exclaimed dantès . , our secret remained in our own keeping alone . ” law . ’ replied the jeweller , ‘ i offered 40,000 francs . ’ watched m. de villefort , for three months he took not a step out-of-doors without my following him . queen , and according to custom accosted her with fresh	79.3982925415039
menaces against those who surrounded her . exclaimed grimaud . poison that would be made use of against you ; suppose the poison was , for instance , <unk> ” ’ s a worthy fellow . ” saint <unk> , ” replied the man , turning to the originator of the tale . with ? ” cried aramis , pale with anger , suspecting that d ’ artagnan had acted as a spy on him and had seen him with madame de longueville . . ” that you will not tell her that your father ever served hers . ” emotion of terror reminded her that she was a woman . lord , ” said the queen , with the painful doubt that is felt by those who	33.51081466674805
have suffered much ; “ come , and may heaven hear you . ” considered as disgraceful to a gentleman was at that time quite a simple and natural affair , and the younger sons of the best families were frequently supported by their mistresses . ’ this spot may be , it is looked upon as a kind of paradise by the men whose days are numbered ; it is so rare for them to leave the lions ’ den for any other place than the barrier saint-jacques , the galleys ! of the carriage : ” cried the king , “ by what monsieur de la trémouille shall say ? ” my dear monsieur mordaunt ? ” , so brave , and handles his sword so	80.11132049560547
skillfully . ” tree till they arrived at twenty steps from the house unperceived and saw by means of a lantern suspended under a hut , four fine horses . of your offer with pleasure , ” replied the host , “ but , unfortunately , if i go there , it will be , in all probability , _incognito_ . ” , so i left off there . ” strangers , they will be friends . ” . . ” answer , but looked at his master with wild staring eyes , while with his cramped hand he grasped a piece of furniture to enable him to stand upright . this jealous anger of milady was his revenge . gave you to understand , i think ,	76.93881225585938
that i adhered to the princes . as it appears to me , travel in company . applied to me , ” said the doctor , “ it has been too late ; still i will go . go , in the name of heaven ! see our young vicomte . say ; verses perfumed with the odor of the billet from the attendant of madame de chevreuse . you love and who love you , and tell my sister de longueville that i thank her for the present that she made me of you. ’ and i came , sir , ” added raoul , gazing at the count with a smile of real affection , “ for i thought you would be glad to see me	38.695465087890625
again . ” young man who brought the monk to you ? were so kind ? ” queen anne of austria was once saved from the greatest danger ever incurred by a queen ? ” suspects ? ” said monte cristo with charming artlessness . , i have long despised thee ! days ago from the vendomois , as you know , and we are going to give mazarin something to do . my friend wilmore is peculiar , but he is sincere , and as rich as a gold mine , consequently , he may indulge his eccentricities without any fear of their ruining him , and i have promised to adhere to his instructions . i will stay ; i must do something to distract my	65.73693084716797
thoughts . ” sure , i have not answered you ; be satisfied , we shall have this ‘ lion ’ ; we are among the privileged ones . ” ; i think i have seen him three times in my life ; all i know relating to him is through busoni and himself . ! will ; the countess g—— , who knew lord ruthven , declared that the count was a vampire . ” the world to the lamentations of m. <unk> to which , besides , they must have been pretty well <unk> two guards took the prisoner each by an arm , and led him away , while the commissary wrote a letter in haste and dispatched it by an officer in waiting .	72.00645446777344
; this man was myself ; for a fortnight i had been at that hotel , during which period i had cured my valet de chambre of a fever , and my landlord of the <unk> , so that i really acquired a reputation as a skilful physician . answer of the <unk> to this proof of affection , m. de tréville seized his right hand and pressed it with all his might , without perceiving that athos , whatever might be his self-command , allowed a slight murmur of pain to escape him , and if possible , grew paler than he was before . ” answered aramis , “ as you see , from heaven . ” i see him well enough , ” said d	57.39043426513672
’ artagnan . , then ! ’ replied i , allowing myself to fall , and biting the carpet with rage . ” said albert , “ i was not aware that he was a prince . the opera . ” , you are a great wit and i am really sorry to be on bad terms with you . ” ” exclaimed athos , “ to-day love is like <unk> breastplate is becoming useless . ” here , ” said the valet de chambre in the same tone . circumstances , my dear sir ; ‘ man proposes , and god disposes. ’ ” andrea sighed . quite true ; still , i agree with you in thinking that my present ignorance of the first city in	44.91438293457031
europe is a reproach to me in every way , and calls for immediate correction ; but , in all probability , i should have performed so important , so necessary a duty , as that of making myself acquainted with the wonders and beauties of your justly celebrated capital , had i known any person who would have introduced me into the fashionable world , but unfortunately i possessed no acquaintance there , and , of necessity , was compelled to abandon the idea . ” be as wise as <unk> and as prudent as <unk> ; i do more than permit , i <unk> you . ” fatal to me ; it was on the thirteenth of july <unk> ” strafford ; that confirms what i	102.86325073242188
said just <unk> will have blood . almost , ” said raoul . reason you see me so early . ” said , “ this is a serious business and my heart bleeds as if you had pierced it through and through . , felton saw it , and started as if its light had revealed the abysses of this woman ’ s heart . the neighborhood of mantua , i believe . ’ the lighted window . order to seize on something on which the conversation might turn , and seemed to fall easily on a topic . the captain , and at nine o ’ clock in the morning , having a fair wind , our frenchmen set foot on their native land . was in	59.28650665283203
a fair way , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ and as to aramis to tell you the truth , i have never been seriously uneasy on his account . him ? ” to me merely to have thanked you for preserving my life and not to have uttered a word of all this . ” cover , opened the journal with nervous precipitation , passed contemptuously over the paris <unk> , and arriving at the <unk> intelligence , stopped with a malicious smile , at a paragraph headed ” she was very pale . door of the house . man who had followed him entered too ; the frenchman knocked at the inner door , and entered the first room ; his shadow did the same	57.529266357421875
. ? ” asked danglars of monte cristo . are you about to betray it to me ? ” sir , wait a moment ; for i have such a delightful note on the <unk> <unk> <unk> , and i will listen to you afterwards . ” the quay by way of the rue de la <unk> ; there he found groups of bourgeois clad in black cloaks or gray , according as they belonged to the upper or lower bourgeoisie . only repeat , may god protect you and all dear to you ! ” , maximilian ; according to the care we bestow upon it , death is either a friend who rocks us gently as a nurse , or an enemy who violently drags the	79.48295593261719
soul from the body . her charming head , gracefully reclined , on her hand , still beautiful in form and color . her ! ” cried the duchess . ” to him but could not utter a word . was my friend , as you know , and an alliance with his son is the most suitable thing that could possibly be arranged . ” ’ — ‘ yes , ’ says he . ended , fernand ’ s career was checked by the long peace which seemed likely to endure throughout europe . has cruelly insulted me , ” said milady , in a hollow tone ; “ monsieur d ’ artagnan shall die ! ” the point from whence rome is first visible , the	74.76526641845703
traveller evinced none of the enthusiastic curiosity which usually leads strangers to stand up and endeavor to catch sight of the dome of saint peter ’ s , which may be seen long before any other object is distinguishable . ” he said . valentine , “ who on this earth cares for me , if he does not ? , uncle ? ’ ( he called me by this name when he was in good humor ) ; ‘ do you think i am going to change the life i lead for your mode of <unk> agreeable indolence for the hard and precarious toil you impose on yourself , exposed to the bitter <unk> at night , and the scorching heat by day , compelled to conceal	128.7095489501953
yourself , and when you are perceived , receive a volley of bullets , all to earn a paltry sum ? on the road ? ” count of monte cristo had ever been in france before he made this visit to paris ? ” striking , albert . ” not at once made the lady of the red cushion a princess . at a table folding up papers , as if he had only been a secretary of state , looked up . to you ? ” said monte cristo . ” he cried , in a tone which electrified the coachman . anything for copies of this ebook , complying with the trademark license is very easy . possible to avoid a little condescension toward a husband	42.811370849609375
whose pretty wife has appointed a meeting with you that same evening at st . he , “ you are ready to pay the official visits , which are absolutely indispensable ? ” one of the most zealous and faithful <unk> of louis xviii . and at the corner of rue montmartre saw the hostess coming along hanging to the arm of an enormous swiss , who <unk> in his walk with a magnificent air which pleasantly reminded him of his old friend porthos . the first glance of his eye , that his billet had been delivered , and that this billet had had its effect . in token of assent . ramee , “ give me your gibbet , my lord . with joy . those	67.92662811279297
are citizens , <unk> and <unk> , armed with good muskets , as in the time of the league , and whose eyes are so intently fixed on this window that they will see you if you raise that curtain much ; and now come to the other <unk> do you see ? you is—— choose your part , ” replied jussac . the sound of fireworks , let off on the piazza del popolo and the piazza di venezia ( heard with difficulty amid the din and confusion ) announced that the races were about to begin . for it is with the justice of all countries especially that i have occupied <unk> is with the criminal <unk> of all nations that i have compared natural justice	109.19072723388672
, and i must say , sir , that it is the law of primitive nations , that is , the law of <unk> , that i have most frequently found to be according to the law of god . ” i am not rich enough to afford to lose , or sufficiently poor to desire to gain . ’ t be their dupe , i will answer for it . encounter if i were to go home . ” flow of blood had ascended from the chest to the head . friend , look upon all i tell you as merely the statement of a <unk> a man who resembles an <unk> simply what he hears . thing in this world , edmond , —the happiness of	58.69940948486328
my son . ” board saw this person approach , he left his station by the pilot , and , hat in hand , leaned over the ship ’ s bulwarks . said the procurator ’ s wife , “ will you have the kindness to offer me your arm for five minutes ? said château-renaud . vision of henry iv . , for saying such things , but they form my excuse . before we sit down , i must demand your answer . ” <unk> , marquise de ganges , was one of the famous women of the court of louis xiv . since . ” ” said athos , reproachfully . with this description was followed , but he was lost sight of at the	50.522647857666016
corner of the rue de la <unk> and the rue <unk> ” villefort leaned on the back of an armchair , for as the minister of police went on speaking he felt his legs bend under him ; but when he learned that the unknown had escaped the vigilance of the agent who followed him , he breathed again . , or i don ’ t know what love is . ” , you know where he is , monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” asked raoul , somewhat comforted . remarked the president , ‘ the count of monte cristo knows nothing of your present proceedings ? ’ — ‘ he is quite <unk> of them , and i have but one fear , which is that	34.51026916503906
he should disapprove of what i have done . he became silent and gazed straight before him like one overwhelmed with a strange and <unk> thought . long the night seemed to milady , but d ’ artagnan believed it to be hardly two hours before the daylight peeped through the window blinds , and invaded the chamber with its paleness . more distinctly to his ear . . ” danglars . of it and concealed her uneasiness from every one . i pray you pardon this little traitor . much , you do not seem to be in such agony as you were before . ” servant , you have other servants to wait upon you , take care of your clothes , and see that your	74.97465515136719
linen is duly prepared for you . a greater desire to know the real ones , ” replied the englishman . friend ! ” said aramis , “ you will find meagre fare ; you were not expected . ” the right , or to the left hand ? ’ d ’ artagnan , “ monsters have only to complain to gain your sympathy . ” porthos exclaimed . ’ feet . ” la ramee . with regard to the future , did honor to the repast , the remains of which were abandoned to mousqueton , bazin , planchet , and grimaud . eight in the evening the grand salon , the gallery adjoining , and the three other drawing-rooms on the same floor , were filled	41.300636291503906
with a perfumed crowd , who <unk> but little in the event , but who all participated in that love of being present wherever there is anything fresh to be seen . thou <unk> man , thou extravagant prodigal , thou awakened sleeper , thou all-powerful visionary , thou invincible millionaire , <unk> again review thy past life of starvation and wretchedness , revisit the scenes where fate and misfortune conducted , and where despair received thee . journey . ” you like ; it is the nearest frontier . madman ! ” murmured m. de tréville , “ unless , ” added he , “ this is a cunning mode of escaping , seeing that he had failed in his purpose ! ” , my lord !	137.3948211669922
” and rang the bell thrice . d ’ artagnan , in the <unk> manner possible , “ you are very young ; i shall therefore overlook your frivolous remarks . together with his handkerchief , and then with a cord over the handkerchief . small chambers , very nicely fitted up , in a furnished house , the hostess of which , still young and still really handsome , cast tender glances uselessly at him . me , when he saw the king was taken , and as they were passing before the house he begged in the king ’ s name that they would stop , as the king was hungry . this only , a scrap of paper on which spada had written : —	71.28670501708984
‘ i bequeath to my beloved nephew my coffers , my books , and , amongst others , my breviary with the gold corners , which i beg he will preserve in remembrance of his affectionate uncle . ’ at st. <unk> spot where such as were condemned at the bastille were <unk> was near fainting and crossed himself twice . lofty glance , this handsome cavalier , so brilliant in feats of arms that every one was surprised that he held in his hand a sword only instead of a baton of command ! at rue de la fontaine , no . when i assure you that if i do not attempt to resist my father ’ s commands it is more on your account than my	113.63257598876953
own . ” monte cristo , “ you are fortunate , m. cavalcanti ; it is a most suitable alliance you are <unk> , and mademoiselle danglars is a handsome girl . ” ” said the queen , with her most <unk> smile , “ go and return at midnight . ” beauchamp arrived ; he had seen château-renaud , who had promised to be in the orchestra before the curtain was raised . s name , ” said the president . me , ” said villefort . the poisoning of mme . ? ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ why should i ? ” compliment , my young friend , ” replied aramis , “ we can see from whom you learned courtesy . an elder	29.397220611572266
brother , who was in the service of the emperor ; he had become lieutenant in a regiment composed entirely of corsicans . , ” whispered monte cristo , “ and put down your hatchet ; we shall require no arms . ” , ” returned beauchamp ; “ for i <unk> him without knowing what he does . , yet he was more than half asleep . and three months afterwards , around the twelve or fifteen small vessels which had brought these gypsies of the sea , a small village sprang up . closed the door behind him . . same spot until maximilian was out of sight ; he then walked slowly towards the allées de meilhan to seek out a small house with which	61.951236724853516
our readers were made familiar at the beginning of this story . that his head was just above the round of the barrel , and under the large hat he recognized the pale face of mordaunt . here . ” nothing in your own name ? ” up in his cloak that it would have been impossible to see his face even if the night had not been so dark as to render precaution superfluous ; nevertheless , the keen glance of athos perceived at once it was not rogers who stood before them . so bright as surveying it through a glass of <unk> . ” ” of relating all that had passed , but she suddenly remembered that in doing so she must reveal a terrible	81.83320617675781
secret which concerned others as well as her grandfather , and she said : away , and the sound of a single footstep approached the door . this cavalier has made you very angry . and left the chamber . his orders . wish nothing better than that he would come and seek a quarrel with me . ” two days and a night , they arrived at boulogne toward the evening , favored by magnificent weather . same man returned in the same carriage , which , instead of stopping this time at the end of the rue férou , drove up to the green door . nothing , from fear . ” than that , ” said albert ; “ my mother is wishing to go	42.281494140625
to the <unk> day is fixed for your dinner ? ” any longer . ” , which was to break the jug , and with one of the sharp fragments attack the wall . , ” said the count , “ that you do not always yourselves understand the signals you repeat . ” , and france , perhaps , with him . is no more , and therefore can have nothing to do with hatred or revenge , so let all such feeling be buried with him . ” of being resuscitated , you say he ’ s a scoundrel , an impudent fellow , a miser , a bad master ! the arrival of this answer , your father came by the advice of monte cristo	57.72675704956055
to ask my daughter ’ s hand for you , i decidedly refused him , but without any explanation or exposure . received a very good education , and have been treated by these <unk> very much as the slaves were treated in <unk> minor , whose masters made them <unk> , doctors , and philosophers , in order that they might fetch a higher price in the roman market . ” my card to the count , who has promised to pay us a visit at rue meslay , no . discovery which would inevitably lead to our being separated . that ’ s a charming spot for such amusements as the one i propose to you . ” to-day we find our friends ? ” the	78.67350006103516
west , and is worshipped by his commonplace but ambitious followers , not only as a leader and <unk> , but also as the personification of equality . ” in the bed , shook the curtains , opened the closets , and finally stopped at the chimney . . ” this , good sir , ” resumed the host , “ in order that you may be on your guard . ” , ” said caderousse . my dear sister , ” replied he , “ what makes you come to england ? ” leave the room . ” said milady ; “ go into your own room , and tomorrow endeavor again to get me an answer to the letter i gave you . ” and caustic	36.619483947753906
, passed all the world in review ; the queen herself was not spared , and cardinal mazarin came in for his share of ridicule . only sustained by hope , lost all hope at napoleon ’ s downfall . some time since , as the insolent dandy who so gracefully mounted his horse in the champs-élysées . ” beauchamp to albert ; “ i shall not go to the chamber , but i have something better to offer my readers than a speech of m. danglars . ” father , ruined by the revolution , and m. danglars , who never had possessed any patrimony , both laid the foundations of their different fortunes . ” i am your servant , monsieur baron , ” said d	70.84904479980469
’ artagnan , “ though you have names rather difficult to <unk> ” and touching his horse with the spur , he <unk> back to paris . of the count ? ” inquired debray ; “ he is not much amiss , according to my ideas of good looks . ” ” said aramis , “ toward him i should be very likely to practice such delicacy of sentiment ! you before , i think the old fellow is very close . ” make his report , and to say that all the <unk> are at this moment in the dovecot . ” <unk> the <unk> of the palais royal , and one of them , passing under d ’ artagnan ’ s arm , entered and broke	43.04608154296875
a mirror , in which porthos was complacently admiring himself . me ; i exist no longer for you , any more than if you had never seen me . ” am to marry mademoiselle danglars , ” said albert , laughing . and is it not that he may never do us any harm ? ” do we start ? ” ” said the inspector in a low tone , “ had i not been told beforehand that this man was mad , i should believe what he says . ” pistoles . have managed their business . you are too good a politician not to understand the rest , mordaunt . ” d ’ artagnan followed the duke , who closed the door after them .	37.223331451416016
, his dear bonacieux , and never ceased telling him that the cardinal had a great respect for him . ” replied monte cristo , “ that they will be as different as possible in the hands of ali . the tip of your finger a single hair of d ’ artagnan , who is a faithful friend whom i love and defend , or i swear to you by the head of my father the crime which you shall have endeavored to commit , or shall have committed , shall be the last . ” arm tremble as he assisted her into the carriage . the contrary , knowest how to choose thy object and to gain it stealthily . ” aramis , “ do you see	45.41498565673828
, count ? ” of the young <unk> ” repeated the italian , with anxiety . ” whence the cry had sounded , and shaded his eyes from the glare of the setting sun with his hand . prisoners enter the house first , whilst they stood at the door , desiring mousqueton to take the four horses to the stable . and go as far as the earth reaches . , threw a shade over the pallid brow of felton . . , ” said felton , drawing from his pocket the weapon which he had brought , according to his promise , but which he hesitated to give to his prisoner . . ” sit down , monsieur , and i will fetch you some refreshment	48.581573486328125
. ’ ! ” , since it has stood five years of prison , with monsieur de chavigny to boot , ’ tis excellent ! corner of the rue de la <unk> when the boy rushed after him like a bloodhound on full scent . ” cried d ’ artagnan , who was anxious the matter should be accomplished ; “ on the contrary , i think it very easy . me for three millions , do you not ? ” long a time had forgotten god , began to think that miracles were <unk> the accursed cavern might be discovered by the officers of the <unk> states , who would release him ; that then he would have 50,000 remaining , which would be sufficient to save	59.450077056884766
him from starvation ; and finally he prayed that this sum might be preserved to him , and as he prayed he wept . exclaimed athos , whilst the gascon covered his mouth with his hand . the turnings and windings of this part of the louvre , appropriated for the people of the household . , and distinguished some words that appeared to merit so great an interest that he made a sign to his friends to be silent , remaining himself bent with his ear directed to the opening of the lower orifice . he committed ? ” active and vigilant , not like that <unk> fellow bazin , who is no longer good for anything since he became connected with the church . englishman fold	98.06980895996094
up and place in his pocket the accusation written by danglars under the arbor of la réserve , and which had the postmark , “ marseilles , 27th february , delivery 6 o ’ clock , <unk> . ” , undeceive him , i beg , and tell him i am nothing of the kind . ” passed on . that watches over the <unk> . as usual , when seven o ’ clock sounded ; the patrol was heard passing to double the posts . than that , ” said monte cristo ; “ i have a slave . ship had entered the harbor at le <unk> , that this ship brought news that a payment we had looked upon as lost was going to be made	81.62867736816406
. le prince . ” after saluting the old man and speaking to barrois , a faithful servant , who had been twenty-five years in his service , took their places on either side of the paralytic . strength against women i might perchance find them weaker than myself , and consequently conquer them ; but it is with men that i struggle , and i am but a woman to them . little eyes and his great mouth , to inhale better the joke his eminence deigned to address to him , and ended by a burst of laughter , so violent that his great limbs shook in hilarity as they would have done in an ague . madame ? by having made a stiff ? —having	123.6624755859375
assassinated a man ? ” said franz , continuing his investigation . . ’ constant guardians of our men , and while i sleep monsieur du vallon watches . ” yes ; you are right . pale , became visibly paler and her face was contracted . mazarin , “ your majesty <unk> me with flattering distinction . ” drew back the cloak which hid the aperture and came in with his face livid , his eyes staring wide open with terror , so that the pupils were contracted almost to nothing , with a large circle of white around them . ” said the cardinal , “ i know of whom you speak . ” ” replied dantès , who made no hesitation in answering . ”	59.5040168762207
replied the duke . you reach london ; at london you may tear off the outer envelope . ” . , ” said monte cristo , as if this was the first time he had seen the journalist that evening ; “ be seated . ” let it be war ! such as it is , it is filled with dormice , who eat everything . ” a journey of four days for ordinary travelers , but d ’ artagnan arrived on the third day at the barriere saint denis . great advantage in adhering to this party ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . man in such a state could say ; but they both assured me that it was a jest they were carrying on ,	43.952789306640625
and perfectly harmless . ” , tell me , do you wish me dead ? ” lord , ” said athos . said he ; “ you must be mad ! <unk> father ? ” who led him through a long succession of apartments and paused at length before a closed door . such as i am , a person sentenced to be hung . ” . ” ” said morrel , shuddering ; “ what has put this into your head ? ” it again , he was struck by the presence of a man who was standing at the open door and was gazing at him with a compassionate air . madame de <unk> , mademoiselle de <unk> , madame de motteville , and <unk> ,	25.944669723510742
her sister , so called on account of her <unk> just brought into her dressing-room the remains of the dinner , on which , according to her usual custom , she supped . permission . ” to say you will lose , but , nevertheless , mind you hold to the terms of the agreement . ” majesty <unk> them . ” for not liking to marry mademoiselle danglars . one with a letter , and the other put it in the post . ” ? —you are not monte cristo ? , brought the pipes and coffee , and disappeared . names , and concealed under other costumes , are police agents , magistrates , <unk> , and bailiffs . i am nothing but your servant. ”	83.34800720214844
then turning to his men : had been assassinated by my relation , aided by four friends , but i was already aware that i had been robbed of my wealth and degraded from my nobility by king charles i . ” , edmond , ” cried the poor mother ; “ but let your vengeance fall on the culprits , —on him , on me , but not on my son ! ” ” cried morrel , almost overpowered ; “ leave me , i pray you ; we shall meet again in a happier time . , reflecting , “ you are right , sir ; some one who could raise the legion of <unk> who choke up the <unk> of paris ; some one who	61.77760314941406
would know how to cry aloud to them , that all france might hear it , that it is mazarin who has reduced them to poverty . ” be a crime . know also that monsieur le comte de la fere arranged that you were to remain with me and that olivain should return to paris . not that sunbeam yonder , just by the side of the town , glitter on the <unk> ? ” and aramis found it in arms . said , stretching out his hand to d ’ artagnan , “ come , don ’ t be sullen , my dear son , for i have said all this to you , if not in the tone , at least with the feelings of	40.51188278198242
a father . would see monsieur de la fere at his . ” an executioner . ” dantès timidly , “ what is the matter ? ” villefort made no answer , but raised his head at the expiration of a few seconds , and again perused the letter . it , who knows whether monsieur cardinal has not a secret to interrogate ashes ? ” you and the count and countess of morcerf to this dinner , i should give it the appearance of being a matrimonial meeting , or at least madame de morcerf would look upon the affair in that light , especially if baron danglars did me the honor to bring his daughter . dreadful thing , that i don ’ t dare to	43.50761032104492
tell you . ” him ; and five minutes after , a boat appeared , rowed by four men . is rich enough to drink a tun of port wine , even if obliged to pay a pistole for every <unk> ” his manner became more and more lofty every instant ; then he arose and after finishing off the beer at one draught he advanced majestically to the door of the compartment where the wine was . of preserving his _incognito_ , and he was recognized . and raised his eyes and arms towards heaven . d ’ artagnan . quarter after midnight collect your men . continued the cardinal , “ as i have heard nothing of you for some time past , i wished to	68.74358367919922
know what you were doing . and remained some minutes as if bewildered or stunned . i wish to incur guilt . us , do you mean , aramis ? ” believed him to be dead , and left him very quiet on the field of battle , not thinking it worth the trouble to carry him away . in his <unk> of the cardinal and that of the queen ; that of the cardinal <unk> enormously . me thus to fail in my word towards a gentleman like the count , who has all our lives in his hands ? ” he asked . the hand of aramis . already guessed that i was preparing a surprise for you ? ” soldier ’ s arquebus , made	52.25847244262695
him go on before him , and urged him toward his companion by <unk> him behind with his sword . from m. de morcerf ’ s ? ” asked monte cristo . ; but that is not <unk> is a codicil , as i said just now . ” to listen . he to the captain , “ you tell me monte cristo serves as a refuge for pirates , who are , it seems to me , a very different kind of game from the goats . ” ” asked villefort quickly . . had followed their example , thus <unk> the views of the four friends , who preferred having them close at hand to chasing them about the chamber . , ” said beauchamp ,	45.13563919067383
“ let us call on m. de monte cristo ; he is admirably <unk> to revive one ’ s spirits , because he never interrogates , and in my opinion those who ask no questions are the best <unk> . ” on the <unk> ” is supreme and <unk> as that of god ; it will not suffer you to be trampled on by your enemies without giving you an opportunity of defending yourself . ’ artagnan , you are the man i have been seeking . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you have a wicked smile . dantès . ” said he , “ and let me answer . electronic work is derived from texts not protected by u.s. copyright law ( does not contain	37.148094177246094
a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder ) , the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges . flame continued for two hours ; the corso was light as day ; the features of the spectators on the third and fourth stories were visible . the best of our poor means , and god will recompense the will , forgive the want of power . penetrating gray eyes were opened to the utmost . stopped at the first tavern and made each horse swallow a double quantity of corn steeped in wine ; they gave them three hours ’ rest and then set off again . astonishment at this singular conduct	80.6668701171875
until they heard footsteps . danglars , pale with anger , which was not at all due to offended paternal love , — “ then , mademoiselle , you persist in your determination to accelerate my ruin ? ” aramis . you desire . the palais de justice was opened , and they went through a long range of gloomy corridors , whose appearance might have made even the boldest shudder . we have seen plenty of dead men in our time . ” to come with them . fighting in a room and had not space to go on like that forever , mordaunt ’ s foot at last touched the wall , against which he rested his left hand . said de winter , rising ,	90.60037231445312
“ i think the hussy is going mad ! have promised to give my daughter to a man who loves her , but not to one who does not . de beaufort ! ” cried the sentinels . it may be the smallpox , sir , ” replied porthos , desirous of taking his turn in the conversation ; “ and what is serious is that it will certainly spoil his face . ” that his sister-in-law is on the point of having someone assassinated , and beg him not to lose sight of her . , and really recognized his dungeon . may be , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ i can not go thither in this guise . ” having written the letter ,	35.02289962768555
sealed it , and rising , approached the young man in order to give it to him . who <unk> us , and who , in the darkness of this night <unk> us , never shall my sword cross yours , never my eye express a glance of anger , nor my heart a throb of hatred , at you . time you tasted oysters , tea , porter , <unk> , and sundry other dainties which you now adore , did you like them ? foundation ( “ the foundation ” or pglaf ) , owns a compilation copyright in the collection of project gutenberg™ electronic works . cherish no resentment . ” he saw that the <unk> was not half empty . affair ? ” his	70.43395233154297
left were two footmen , with the seams of their dresses laced . caderousse eagerly . villefort , “ we are thinking of marrying valentine. ” had the old man ’ s face been moulded in wax it could not have shown less emotion at this news than was now to be traced there . had not touched the <unk> ground , was of irreproachable odor . porthos , “ arrange the table , mousqueton , and while we breakfast , d ’ artagnan will relate to us what has happened to him during the ten days since he left us . ” i have affairs to settle . ” was to take a teaspoonful of the marvellous preparation , about as much in quantity as his host	100.59639739990234
had eaten , and lift it to his mouth . monte cristo , “ you are not in your usual spirits ? ” ” go out with haydée , and sometimes even take her to the <unk> ” this witness , or rather this enemy ? ’ asked the count , in a tone in which there was a visible alteration . ” said blaisois , “ that port is a very good wine . ” <unk> 3,000 francs . <unk> , and her first husband was colonel the marquis of nargonne . ” ” wrote , requesting him to excuse the <unk> gift of a capricious millionaire , and to beg the baroness to pardon the eastern fashion adopted in the return of the horses . the	50.29780197143555
chair , covered his face with both hands , as if to prevent the light from reaching him . athos . what period can that have been ? ” it with his hand and jumped lightly into the saddle . to the mind of the prisoner : “ if i had listened to you , ” lord de winter had said to felton . cried d ’ artagnan . , behind this wall ? my treasure , my hope . ” for me to make a note of these particulars , for there , before my eyes , beneath my feet , all around me , i have the plan sketched with all the living reality of truth . ” . ” ” said comminges , putting down	39.7014274597168
the sashes , that the interior of the carriage might be well seen , and placing his sword on his prisoner ’ s breast , “ one step nearer , and i kill the prisoner ; my orders were to carry him off alive or dead . friends fell asleep ; and d ’ artagnan , who was very weary , bade good-night to grimaud and laid himself down in his cloak , with naked sword at his side , in such a manner that his body barricaded the passage , and it should be impossible to enter the room without <unk> him . concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the united states . but her eyes spoke with their inexpressible eloquence	59.94340896606445
, supplicating by turns each of those on whom she looked . s last night . . if the sun incommoded him . hands of the young woman with a burst of emotion , gazed at her as if to read her very heart , and , seeing nothing but sincerity in her beautiful eyes , embraced her tenderly . officer repeated twenty times : “ in the king ’ s name , ” were powerless against this formidable <unk> , on the contrary , to exasperate it still more ; when , at the shout , “ in the name of the king , ” an officer ran up , and seeing the uniforms ill-treated , he sprang into the <unk> sword in hand , and brought	67.00413513183594
unexpected help to the guards . have no gestures , no screams , no modern drama , or you will oblige me to tell you that i see debray leave here , <unk> the whole of the 500,000 livres you have handed over to him this year , while he smiles to himself , saying that he has found what the most skilful players have never <unk> is , a <unk> where he wins without playing , and is no <unk> when he loses . ” monte cristo , avenue des champs-élysées , on the 26th of may , at seven o ’ clock in the evening , and demand of him your father . street , and like the greek from <unk> who fell in the square	79.11972045898438
at athens , with his <unk> in his hand , friquet reached councillor broussel ’ s threshold , and then fell exhausted , scattering on the floor the louis <unk> by his leather bag . friend , ” said he , “ england is all our own . do for you at once the most that you deserve . pain which gnawed at his heart , and then <unk> through his whole body . gutenberg ebook the three musketeers *** muttered comminges , looking after mazarin . have known me , ” said morrel , smiling ; “ but that can not apply to the time previous to our acquaintance , valentine . ” lips and whispered to his sergeant : yield ! ” said porthos . or	64.16561889648438
<unk> concerns nobody . do so ? ” to presume on this , and also to be beforehand with them , i have , if agreeable to you , thought of inviting m. and madame danglars , and m. and madame de villefort , to my <unk> at auteuil . enemy ; this port wine belongs to the english , therefore it belongs to us . ” of lens . ” your wishes , my dear mother , ” said the young man . since he is an only son . ” lips . herself in the shadow behind a velvet curtain , and as she constantly bent over her child , it was difficult to read the expression of her face . the prince ’ s return	39.033626556396484
, some citizens , <unk> than the rest , such as the <unk> , captains and the quartermaster , went from house to house among their friends , saying : for blois . is an abbé . ” to follow my advice ? ” scarcely visible cloud passed over her brow , and so peculiar a smile appeared upon her lips that the young man , who saw and observed this triple shade , almost shuddered at it . for , then ? ” leave france . to marie michon , the seamstress at tours who had such fine acquaintances , to obtain from the queen authority for mme . , ” he said ; “ brucine is no longer employed , but a simple narcotic ! grotto	74.77753448486328
, my friend , my house in the champs-élysées , and my château at tréport , are the marriage gifts bestowed by edmond dantès upon the son of his old master , morrel . ? ” said monte cristo . i ask god and you how i can save her ? ” to do with my cash box . sun of rome , and that without you all appears dark and cloudy ; i do not know if he does not even go so far as to say that it rains . ” speak , when andrea continued , in a low voice : other door , athos and aramis . man ’ s <unk> , or whether he had not full confidence in his <unk> , he	50.12834167480469
looked uneasily at him . in a chair . of your hundred pistoles , d ’ artagnan ? ” ’ s not a man to allow himself to be taken <unk> ; he ’ ll defend himself . ’ comes from a priest . ” his life before the almighty , proposed <unk> to accomplish , and at the end of every prayer introduced the entreaty oftener addressed to man than to god : “ forgive us our <unk> as we forgive them that <unk> against us. ” yet in spite of his earnest prayers , dantès remained a prisoner . ! my friend ; but take care or you will lose that letter which is peeping from your doublet , and which also comes , no doubt	87.9849853515625
, from your publisher . ” that , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for as i am in great haste likewise , i wish to beg you to render me a service . ” a promptness which showed the degree of consideration d ’ artagnan enjoyed in the establishment . , i don ’ t know her . ” dreams to you as to me if you did not love me ? me ? ” , then ! ” said the cardinal , quickly . exclaimed , approaching the table , “ she has taken part of her draught ; the glass is three-quarters empty . ” who has displeased you ? because the poor devil ’ s death was accompanied by a singular incident .	31.95050048828125
” redoubled the hilarity of the guests to such a degree , that the elder dantès , who , at the commencement of the repast , had commented upon the silence that prevailed , now found it difficult , amid the general din of voices , to obtain a moment ’ s tranquillity in which to drink to the health and prosperity of the bride and bridegroom . looked attentively on the count ; there was an expression on the face of her intrepid protector which commanded her veneration . monte cristo , “ why was i absent ? the harbor . out his own handkerchief , likewise a very elegant handkerchief , and of fine <unk> cambric was dear at the <unk> a handkerchief without embroidery and	90.59414672851562
without arms , only ornamented with a single cipher , that of its proprietor . habit of a novice , which the young woman wore , was not very advantageous in a contest of this kind . then ? ” young , m. andrea , to think of marrying ? ” it by listening to her conversation with the cardinal . ” i assure you . ” artagnan with the envious look with which every courtier sees a new favorite spring up . a thrust at my adversary , whom i had already hit three times , and whom i meant to finish with the fourth , i put my foot on a stone , slipped , and strained my knee . ” you bear this personal ill-feeling	68.16520690917969
, then ? ” said morcerf , turning pale with anger . , after the countess had a second time directed her _lorgnette_ at the box , “ what do you think of our opposite neighbor ? ” her hair dishevelled , and her lips foaming . idea , my lord ; and if your eminence were to offer to make me at this moment governor of the castle of vincennes , i should refuse it . happy , mercédès , ” repeated the count . had resigned himself to his fate , who was going to the scaffold to <unk> a coward , it is true , but he was about to die without resistance . had assisted , as at a spectacle , in this fortunate	50.96375274658203
but wild undertaking of the four <unk> undertaking of which they were far from suspecting the real motive . montdidier and the superior of the jesuits of amiens . ” discerned a small vessel under full sail approaching monte cristo . you a million , because i have it not ; but i will give you a hundred crowns if , the first time you go to marseilles , you will seek out a young girl named mercédès , at the catalans , and give her two lines from me . ” the sensations of the moment . there , if the hostess remains the same . the hour of my deliverance arrives , and that , in all human probability , will be the hour of my	75.7074203491211
death . citizens , awakened , left their doors and the street dogs followed the cavaliers , barking . . ” any answer ; he accepted the offer without enthusiasm and without regret , as one of those <unk> of society which every gentleman looks upon as a duty . very road which all the vessels between dover and calais take , ’ tis impossible but that we should meet with a fisherman who will pick us up . ” him i am distracted , sirs . of ? ” asked the abbé smilingly , <unk> the deep abstraction in which his visitor was plunged to the excess of his awe and wonder . smiled , thinking that it was for her porthos had put himself to this	109.6944808959961
trouble ; but she was cruelly and promptly undeceived . vengeance against my father , and had long watched his opportunity to kill him , had introduced himself that night into the garden in which my father buried me . electronic works said in a low voice , ‘ well , since you know the corsicans so well , you know that they always keep their word . sent for the notary ; the first will was torn up and a second made , in which he left the whole of his fortune to valentine , on condition that she should never be separated from him . , with more reason than the cardinal , showed his hatred for buckingham , although scarcely arrived was in such a	72.36612701416016
haste to meet the enemy that he commanded every disposition to be made to drive the english from the isle of ré , and afterward to press the siege of la rochelle ; but notwithstanding his earnest wish , he was delayed by the <unk> which broke out between mm . covered with wounds , and suffers dreadfully , he says , in travelling . ” he has been here since yesterday . ” my friend , ” replied d ’ artagnan . , would find himself on the field of battle . the doctor ’ s arm . industry ; i study the useful arts . here with me . ” the king expects your reply and awaits it in agony ? ” jetty , his clothes	64.55174255371094
richly laced with gold , glittering , as was customary with him , with diamonds and precious stones , his hat ornamented with a white feather which drooped upon his shoulder , buckingham was seen surrounded by a staff almost as brilliant as himself . , m. de monte cristo is almost an oriental , and it is customary with the orientals to secure full liberty for revenge by not eating or drinking in the houses of their enemies . ” significant manner in which the whole party pointed to my blood-stained garments , i involuntarily surveyed myself , and then i discovered that the thick warm drops that had so bedewed me as i lay beneath the staircase must have been the blood of la carconte .	117.00337219238281
two persons who had been discussing the matter , it had been decided that they should touch at monte cristo and set out on the following night . made a trifling mistake , as you say ; but by way of <unk> your <unk> i give you another double napoleon , that you may drink to my health , and be able to ask your <unk> to join you . ” signed , returned the pen to the notary . ” said mazarin , “ your majesty knows not what you ask . and i heard the flooring creak beneath his footsteps . so good as to lend me your cane . ” ground . ” cried blaisois , with evident admiration ; “ but it will be	43.52793502807617
dark in the cellar . ” that question , ” said château-renaud , “ for none of us has seen him . ” you all , and i will tell you all . clumsy bed , hung with such gloomy , <unk> drapery ! you are on the side of monsieur de beaufort ; that will be the most sincere line of conduct , ” said mazarin . , ” said maximilian . there , sir . ” said he , “ i think he will not be sorry to inherit his fortune , and he who hastens the day when he can touch his five hundred thousand will not be his worst friend . ” ? ” room which franz had not yet seen , and which	35.77458190917969
was surrounded with divans . such as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , hung against the wall ; this was all the furniture . thanks . ” were so , i should lose my reason ! ” before the mouth of the cave , and was feeding at a little distance . and a convulsive tremor crept through his whole body . ’ artagnan also went out enveloped in a large cloak , which ill-concealed the sheath of a long sword . me in spite of franz d ’ épinay , who <unk> to convince me that he is a being returned from the other world . ” baron ? ” he exclaimed . of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.f.3 , this work is provided	40.60547637939453
to you ‘ as-is ’ , with no other warranties of any kind , express or implied , including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for any purpose . he was , was for once mistaken ; broussel was a thing , not a name . piece of bread ; the jailer entered and placed the bread on the table . to the <unk> <unk> . , ” said the brigadier , “ the brigand must really have escaped early this morning ; but we will send to the <unk> and noyon roads , and search the forest , when we shall catch him , no doubt . ” i think you said . ” to him ! ” people are horrified at what you	55.745689392089844
say . ” aramis ; it will be time for you to perceive my motive when we have paid our visit to the coadjutor . ” could tell me that , you would be doing me a service . ” rare organizations , endowed with an obedient intelligence like that of the dog ; with a blind valor , a quick eye , and a prompt hand ; to whom sight appeared only to be given to see if the king were dissatisfied with anyone , and the hand to strike this displeasing personage , whether a <unk> , a <unk> , a <unk> de <unk> , or a vitry . with tolerable success . ” able to do was to drag himself about a dozen paces forward	77.44735717773438
to lean against a <unk> rock . unperceived , supported himself against the other side . the man sobbing in the <unk> . his comrades , folded himself in his cloak , and soon appeared to sleep as soundly as the rest . after tomorrow we leave paris . wife as my father found . ” die of hunger , ” said the patron . i implore you , and return hereafter ! her real name ? ” asked felton , in a sharp tone . of joy , and , without inquiring whence this attire came , or even thanking luigi , darted into the grotto , transformed into a dressing-room . well that i must call grimaud . ” up with them , though with every	57.804046630859375
wish to do so . or rather , _au revoir_ , for i hope we shall meet again . ” la fere requests ; that is your name , is it not , sir ? ” . vallon , and resign yourself . ” night and the night before , and you know it is not my custom to sleep three times in the same bed . ” in his room . ” least three men who will not betray you . kill himself , he would have done so when he parted from mercédès . , without doubt , ” said d ’ artagnan . a conspirator to fall into your hands , he would be most welcome . ” followed by a man in a mask	29.91237449645996
. to the heart . ” inform monsieur laporte , through my husband , in order that monsieur laporte might tell us precisely what had taken place at the louvre in the last three days , and whether there is any danger in presenting myself there . ” the sea . carcass that may be recognized as mine , they will require no more of you ; nay , perhaps you will even have a double reward . ” monte cristo , “ 1815 is not yesterday . ” no <unk> can no longer defend myself—i believe you ; but , for pity ’ s sake , spare my life , my honor ! ” by that veiled lady i met you with the other sunday , near	53.10842514038086
the gate st. honoré . ” inn , anywhere , they ask ‘ are you one of the fronde ? ’ they <unk> , and that ’ s all that is said . not know with what i am threatened . aramis , at whose residence he had not been since the famous evening on which he had followed mme . wait . lord , might take it away from us in less than five minutes afterward ; and from my knowledge of you i believe you will so take it away from us . ” ” . is there surprising in that ? ” your social position , and your merit sufficient ? ” of the avenues leading towards the open space where they were assembled .	56.59259796142578
tréville—a royal liking , a <unk> liking , it is true , but still a liking . , a more unhappy son than you , morrel , for he could not even find his father ’ s grave . ” ” said felton , “ and row quickly . ” . ” him get up , stretch out your arm and seize him by the neck . me , and you come to england . you shall know later . the door of communication opened violently . port wine in the cellar of monsieur le baron de bracieux . ” been more expeditious than you , and here are monsieur de flamarens and monsieur de chatillon , who bring me from her majesty the queen anne of austria	54.933380126953125
, the very latest intelligence . ” ; ” said he , “ it is a pity they are not really related ! ” then , after an instant of gloomy reflection , “ come , i will go to see the <unk> , ” said he ; “ i think that disgust is even more <unk> than hatred . ” looked at the trees , i tried to recall the details which had struck me at the time . have worn these studs was at a ball given by the king eight days ago at windsor . aramis ? ” and myself . to <unk> such ambition ? , ” answered the mercer , proudly . the count , sir , ” said he ; “ he	45.888248443603516
is , doubtless , a delightful man but <unk> peculiar in his ideas . , natural circumstance and yet it created a profound sensation . . ” the facts were precisely what you have stated , ” said madame de villefort ; “ and it was to prevent the <unk> of old <unk> that m. de villefort formed the idea of uniting in the bonds of affection the two children of these inveterate enemies . ” , ” said the man in the moat . to him as coming from you ? ” fellow , ” said albert , rising , and lighting his third cigar , “ really , i thought you had more courage . ” francs to save our father ’ s name from the	45.45311737060547
chances of evil fortune and failure ? ’ ” replied the queen , “ i have lost the habit of commanding and have adopted instead that of making petitions . he closed his right eye only , and if barrois , the left . had animated these two beings , mercédès was doing the same in her apartments that he had just done in his . went out , leaving the two girls a prey to their own feelings of shame , and to the comments of the crowd . ? ” your confidence , my dear friend . readiness to march to-night . ” he heard the steps of several horses on the road . rode toward the tall <unk> the man of importance and his valets	74.6024169921875
. athos ; “ and <unk> ” him ? ” , monsieur ? , and as no signal had been given him by which to announce his presence , he waited . mistress , ” replied the young sailor , gravely ; “ she is my betrothed . ” got down to defend monsieur de comminges and my horse was taken away . expressed complete stupefaction . before , only do not wait so long , all the springs of life are now exhausted in me , and death , ” he continued , looking at his paralyzed arm and leg , “ has but half its work to do . cried the queen , “ you forget that i have never said that i love you .	51.298946380615234
” the latter case ( alas ! countenance , took his arm , and passed with him under a low arched door , which by a vaulted passage , lighted only at the farther end , led to a stone staircase around an angle of stone . ? ” asked the king . god has forgiven you , and i will forgive you too . ” me a favor , will you not ? ” will not say two conquerors , for with perseverance i subdue even them , —they are time and distance . palais royal d ’ artagnan saw a sergeant , who was <unk> six or seven hundred citizens . ; and more , —i repeat it with joy , with triumph , —i have	80.06086730957031
always found some proof of human <unk> or error . ” replied the queen ; “ the counsels of so prudent a man as yourself ought certainly to be available . ” ” replied the stranger , “ that she did not suspect the intentions with which you went out ? ” then , my dear count , ” cried gondy , offering his hand . live ; i shall struggle to the very last ; i will yet win back the happiness of which i have been deprived . ” asked mazarin . where he had left him . ” and moved impatiently on her chair . of inexpressible terror , sat down without uttering a word . he had done before , and set off again	36.36939239501953
at the same pace for pontoise . ” groslow is not a captain of the ordinary kind ; he has a lieutenant , and that lieutenant is monsieur mordaunt . ” a moment , then took his sword and put on his cloak to go out . a tear , and then , summoning up all his firmness , drew his daughter toward him , recommending her to be pious and resigned . nine o ’ clock , he entered franz ’ s room , followed by a tailor , who had eight or ten roman peasant costumes on his arm ; they selected two exactly alike , and charged the tailor to sew on each of their hats about twenty yards of ribbon , and to procure	59.12995529174805
them two of the long silk sashes of different colors with which the lower orders <unk> themselves on fête days . , the “ eye severe ” of the magistrate had lost nothing of its habitual <unk> . poop with a rope ; put the oars into it , so that it may follow in the track and there will be nothing to do except to cut the cord . , striking a fourth blow . same with hashish ; only eat for a week , and nothing in the world will seem to you to equal the delicacy of its flavor , which now appears to you flat and distasteful . drunk . playing in the garden ; go and see . ” the threshold of the	109.53887939453125
minister ’ s closet , in one hand holding his hat , in the other the letter . and tried to raise my mother from the earth , but she was dead ! right , ” said athos . to leave the city by the porta del popolo , to drive round the walls , and re-enter by the porta san giovanni ? ” porthos ; “ we shall pass an agreeable evening . ” ” said monte cristo , astonished at the coolness and freedom of the question . ” said the man , “ open . , who had never taken his eyes off his companion , passed his hand behind his back , and opened a long spanish knife , which he always carried with	34.974613189697266
him , to be ready in case of need . on the bed ; i think i shall feel better there . ” ” cried the countess , “ how terrible a vengeance for a fault which fatality made me commit ! —for i am the only culprit , edmond , and if you owe revenge to anyone , it is to me , who had not fortitude to bear your absence and my solitude . ” miracle i hope to accomplish , <unk> ” five or six months ago , last february . ” ” access to or distribute copies of a project gutenberg™ work in a format other than “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other format used in the official version posted on the official	77.14317321777344
project gutenberg™ website ( www.gutenberg.org ) , you must , at no additional cost , fee or expense to the user , provide a copy , a means of exporting a copy , or a means of obtaining a copy upon request , of the work in its original “ plain vanilla ascii ” or other form . i exchange the half of this wealth for the happiness of at least sharing my father ’ s love . boy , half peasant , half <unk> , came to announce supper . i said , is between the court and the garden ; in this way , do you see ? ” andrea drew the garden , the court and the house . what my wife said , monseigneur	71.52078247070312
. ” the tennis balls began , according to grimaud ’ s directions , to take the direction of the moat , much to the joy of la ramee , who marked fifteen whenever the duke sent a ball into the moat ; and very soon balls were wanting , so many had gone over . that for you , blacas , ” continued louis xviii . a disadvantage to you ; a <unk> man is very troublesome to people who are not prepared for it . they entered milady ’ s chamber they had brought her breakfast . wish to see anybody but you . ” me as well as they served the queen my gratitude shall be magnificent . ” he muttered . ” returned penelon	64.07865905761719
; “ well , then , you ’ ll build some ; we ’ ll wait for you . ” but not unsaddled ; the grooms supped , for it was already late , and their two masters , impatient to return , appointed a place of meeting with them on the jetty and desired them on no account to exchange a word with any one . ” exclaimed the monarch . the hair , then he saw and heard nothing . said d ’ artagnan ; “ are you sure of that ? ” but in five minutes one of the officers of the guard entered in compliance with the strict orders of the cardinal that the prisoner should never be left alone a moment . ,	48.76214599609375
his anger increased at every step ; and instead of the proper and lofty speech he had prepared as a prelude to his challenge , he found nothing at the tip of his tongue but a gross personality , which he accompanied with a furious gesture . wiped his brow and went and bolted the door . vessel , with the wind dead ahead , was <unk> between the château d ’ if and the tower of planier . the evening before ? those attempts that happen every day . ” man , ” he said , and fell from his horse to the ground . ” good fellow , ” said athos , “ it is but dying rather sooner . ” the only ones i ever	66.3630142211914
wrote to him . what country you are , ” said the young man , in the purest castilian . longer beside me i am afraid every moment of erring . cried porthos ; “ indeed , my dear d ’ artagnan , i don ’ t know how you manage , but you are always full of ideas ; let us go and embrace raoul . ” , then , was , as we have said , to keep mme . it is already five o ’ clock , so make haste . ” at heart a frondist and would hear nothing said of compensation . ” cried olivain , “ what are you doing ? , then ? ” of whom two were sent by the	40.54706573486328
queen to her husband and two by mazarin to me . ” you knew him ? ” her beautiful teeth . man who is following us ? ” , ” said anne , “ i also , duke , have had presentiments ; i also have had dreams . ’ t speak of it any more , then ; ” and planchet took his place in d ’ artagnan ’ s suite with that sublime confidence he had always had in his master , which even fifteen years of separation had not destroyed . gentlemen , my master is ill ! ” to place the scent bag at the bottom of the silver casket , and to let the knife fall into it , making a sign to	49.81018829345703
laporte that he was no longer able to speak ; then , in a last convulsion , which this time he had not the power to combat , he slipped from the sofa to the floor . dead . danglars , ” said one of the party , turning towards him , “ of this event ? ” confess i always thought you jested . ” chair , girded on his sword , enveloped himself in his cloak , and left the hôtel . then , concealed here whose throat this amiable lady is desirous of cutting , ” said de winter , in an ironical , contemptuous tone . to remove the object ; it was a fan which madame de villefort had left in the carriage	51.16783142089844
; this fan awakened a recollection which darted through his mind like lightning . six years only . ” it is useless . upon their errand at full speed ; but ere they had gone many steps they perceived a group advancing towards them , composed of the betrothed pair , a party of young girls in attendance on the bride , by whose side walked dantès ’ father ; the whole brought up by fernand , whose lips wore their usual sinister smile . behind with a greasy liquid which the host recognized as his best olive oil . true . door of his study ; having in a few words thanked the district doctor , he turned to d ’ avrigny , and said : must	137.5801544189453
have taken me for a madman , for i rushed at once to the stable . me . ” asked athos . <unk> in this antechamber , ” said monte cristo . sire , who have now incurred hers . . entered the chamber , and demanded what was to be done . said d ’ artagnan . ” exclaimed he ; “ you have been asked politely , and every question is worth an answer . ” ” said valentine , “ i should take you for a visionary , and should tremble for your reason , if i were always to hear you talk in a strain similar to this . the turning of the road she saw the glitter of laced hats and the waving	37.09952163696289
of feathers ; she counted two , then five , then eight horsemen . . ’ he was in the habit of doing when he did not want to make any reply , and he again turned towards the veiled woman , who soon disappeared at the corner of the street . him ? <unk> fire at her if she attempted to fly . of an hour you will be safe ; and think that what you are about to do is for <unk> sake . ” the duchess , “ i can not make war alone , but i can avenge myself on that ungrateful queen and most ambitious <unk> the honor of a duchess , i will avenge myself . ” d ’ artagnan possessed that	49.54446029663086
invincible stock of resolution which the counsels of his father had implanted in his heart : “ endure nothing from anyone but the king , the cardinal , and monsieur de <unk> ” he flew , then , rather than walked , toward the convent of the carmes <unk> , or rather <unk> , as it was called at that period , a sort of building without a window , surrounded by barren <unk> accessory to the <unk> , and which was generally employed as the place for the duels of men who had no time to lose . understand that he had gained the crown of his ambition and that the <unk> wand he <unk> was in his eyes as honorable a distinction as the marshal ’	82.49847412109375
s baton which condé threw , or did not throw , into the enemy ’ s line of battle at fribourg . the queen ’ s diamond . so much more <unk> and <unk> as the land is approached , contemplating all the power of those preparations she was commissioned to destroy , all the power of that army which she was to combat <unk> , a woman with a few bags of <unk> compared herself mentally to judith , the terrible <unk> , when she penetrated the camp of the <unk> and beheld the enormous mass of <unk> , horses , men , and arms , which a gesture of her hand was to dissipate like a cloud of smoke . ? ” ” cried the count	77.54513549804688
; “ a pleasant manner , upon my soul , of arriving at your end when that end is vengeance ! that monk has , ” said de guiche . fall into that which the count extended to him ; then with an inexpressibly sorrowful inclination of the head he quitted the count and bent his steps to the east of the city . a point of honor , and it may be for this reason , that you have delayed acknowledging your name . carrying a bottle in each hand . cried porthos , “ we will not <unk> ” dust , and he inquired if he could not instantly cross over to england . what crime i have <unk> be tried ; and if i am	67.21334838867188
guilty , to be shot ; if innocent , to be set at liberty . ” ! the house , to match with the library , was the conservatory , ornamented with rare flowers , that bloomed in china jars ; and in the midst of the greenhouse , marvellous alike to sight and smell , was a <unk> which looked as if it had been abandoned during the past hour by players who had left the balls on the cloth . in leaving his house that m. de caderousse was murdered by his friend benedetto . to all but one <unk> was edmond . his attention . wounds might be examined he was undressed , and his clothes were thrown into a corner , where the police	85.65816497802734
picked them up , with the exception of the waistcoat , which they overlooked . ” than four per cent , and generally only three and a half ; but to my son-in-law i would give five , and we would share the profits . ” ! ” repeated a voice behind the count , “ and why ? ” , ” replied villefort , after a moment ’ s silence , during which , like a <unk> who encounters a powerful opponent , he took breath ; “ well , sir , really , if , like you , i had nothing else to do , i should seek a more amusing occupation . ” commission with which i deign to charge you , and on that	48.12485885620117
condition i pardon everything , i forget everything ; and what is more , ” and she held out her hand to him , “ i restore my love . ” and saddle two horses in m. de tréville ’ s <unk> for himself , d ’ artagnan , and one for <unk> bring them to athos ’ s place . we should forget it ? ” am all ears . ” sir , ” asked the baroness , “ that you are improving ? see ; how do you wish to occupy yourself during <unk> ? ” , then . ” with a party of musketeers , up the rue du coq , and the portion of the mob he assailed disappeared like smoke , <unk> near	47.3013801574707
the place saint <unk> ’ auxerrois and taking the direction of the quays . tone , and the comedy of yesterday turns to a tragedy this evening . then , as you wish , sweet angel ; god has sustained me in my struggle with my enemies , and has given me this reward ; he will not let me end my triumph in suffering ; i wished to punish myself , but he has pardoned me . , and the stranger began to show manifest signs of impatience , when a slight noise was heard outside the aperture in the roof , and almost immediately a dark shadow seemed to obstruct the flood of light that had entered it , and the figure of a man was	73.46353912353516
clearly seen gazing with eager scrutiny on the immense space beneath him ; then , as his eye caught sight of him in the mantle , he grasped a floating mass of thickly matted boughs , and glided down by their help to within three or four feet of the ground , and then leaped lightly on his feet . out of doors , and you know she is not the woman to <unk> her vengeance . ” ” resumed aramis . <unk> which mazarin made anne undergo more frequently than any other , and one that bowed her head with shame . the major , “ there might be doubts raised . ” coachman perceived the grooms were not behind the vehicle ; he fancied monsieur le	101.14337158203125
coadjuteur had sent them back , and without dropping the reins he sprang from his box to open the door . with fright that stupid countenance , impressed with the invincible resolution of a fool that is overcome by fear . that is sufficient . and while we do so , tell me a little of what is going on in the world yonder . ” consolation ? ” bazin ! ” said the officer , laughing , “ this is the way you receive an old friend . ” cast a side glance at dantès , and taking a packet which a gendarme offered him , disappeared , saying , “ bring in the prisoner . ” up and looking for the point to aim at on	61.69355773925781
a little iron plate which served him as a target , when his study door opened , and baptistin entered . large glass , which reflected the whole apartment , and so , without any attempt to move , which would have been impossible , he could see all who entered the room and everything which was going on around him . ! ” replied danglars , pleased to find the other so <unk> . praised to the highest note by these men , who adored him , and who , ruffians as they were , trembled before him like <unk> before their master , obedient to his least word , and ready to sacrifice themselves to wash out the smallest insult . franz , turning towards valentine	73.63155364990234
, “ unite your efforts with mine to find out the name of the man who made me an orphan at two years of <unk> ” valentine remained dumb and motionless . is a sepulcher ; the men , and consequently the women , are but shadows , and love is a sentiment to which you cry , ‘ fie ! turn , let me give you my instructions . ” much honor , ” said the host , “ and i thank you sincerely for your kind wish . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ we are under mazarin ’ s orders . ” of light which enters by my window , ” said the abbé , “ and then observe the lines traced on the wall	47.736846923828125
. england he combated buckingham ; that in <unk> over england he triumphed over <unk> short , that in humiliating england in the eyes of europe he humiliated buckingham in the eyes of the queen . muffled drums filled the square . i had entirely forgotten it . ” corner drove carriages filled with clowns , <unk> , <unk> , mummers , <unk> , <unk> , knights , and peasants , screaming , fighting , <unk> , throwing eggs filled with flour , confetti , <unk> , attacking , with their sarcasms and their missiles , friends and foes , companions and strangers , indiscriminately , and no one took offence , or did anything but laugh . served , i often wished to do so , but	163.4821014404297
i had not the time . ” men , unquestionably brave , whose courage no man would have dared dispute ; nevertheless , at that voice , that accent and those gestures , they felt a chill access of terror cramp their veins . , i wish you good-morning , ” said monte cristo . obliged to request m. d ’ avrigny to superintend all the arrangements consequent upon a death in a large city , more especially a death under such suspicious circumstances . them a little when we took them , and i will even confess that it is their purse that monsieur du vallon and i draw on in our nightly play . room of the parpaillot . panther ! saying ? ” one ,	122.60543823242188
which was let to prince <unk> ; but i was obliged to pay a <unk> ” , and this morning offered to share his money with me , as i shared mine with him . ’ artagnan , look up a little ! words . ; athos never had concerns which all his friends did not know . head , and the sky turned gray . ! continued mme . , then ? ” . ” any one of you have further or better counsel to <unk> , i will listen to him with the greatest pleasure . ” the <unk> were aroused by athos . ” said morcerf , “ i beg of you not to apply that title so prematurely . ” , ” said the	43.00197219848633
lieutenant . ; there are pirates , like the bandits who were believed to have been exterminated by pope <unk> <unk> , and who yet , every day , rob travellers at the gates of rome . with the endurance of athos , who seemed to be made of iron , he would have preferred a bath in the river seine of which he had heard so much , and afterward his bed ; but the comte de la fere had spoken and he had no thought but to obey . ” said he , “ they are beating the <unk> . mind , she cast her eyes around her , and arranged the <unk> of the garden in her head . more happy , for only now	43.51763153076172
did he begin to realize his felicity . is franz d ’ épinay or albert de morcerf has not much difficulty in procuring them . ” had been made by a man quite drunk to one who was half drunk ; and yet , in spite of the <unk> which the vapor of three or four bottles of burgundy carries with it to the brain , d ’ artagnan , when awaking on the following morning , had all the words of athos as present to his memory as if they then fell from his <unk> had been so impressed upon his mind . dressed ; she is quite ready , and wishes to know if she is to accompany you , sir ? ” , that unhappy	64.27337646484375
woman ? ” but one year and i will have a constable ’ s sword gilt for me . ” he , with his usual <unk> . the young girl had been overcome with the terrible excitement of the evening , and had gone to bed and to sleep . my lord . ” and strove to lift the coffer ; it was impossible . path is traced by tears . ” accompanied this , the englishman understood that it might have been added by some inspector who had taken a momentary interest in dantès ’ situation , but who had , from the remarks we have quoted , found it impossible to give any effect to the interest he had felt . be , the two english	57.41947555541992
gentlemen looked at each other hesitatingly . by his frondist hat . ” , gentlemen , you have settled accounts with somebody ! s service we need horses . ” especial pattern , which monte cristo had had made for target practice in his own room . door for you , ” said valentine , addressing morrel . , ” said the abbé . stupefied ; then , suddenly bursting into laughter : nothing , monsieur the commissary , and that i only suspect . ” tell you ? ” nightmare , which might be guessed by the incoherent manner in which he sometimes <unk> and sometimes <unk> . thought to porthos : “ if athos knows where we are , if he opens communication with us ,	67.9584732055664
before long athos will act . ” which m. de tréville waited for the king . the smoke ascended like the dull vapor from a volcano ; but still no prisoner fell down , as they expected . be friends , ” said the tutor ; “ young as you both are , you were perhaps born under the same star and were destined to meet . time , then , that you ever went to that house ? ” a diplomatist . ” ” a means of regaining our freedom , have you not ? ” asked dantès eagerly . , on the contrary , that it ought to have inspired you with confidence . ” morrel ; “ it is not the first time you have	49.510948181152344
contemplated our present position , which is a serious and urgent one ; i do not think it is a moment to give way to useless sorrow ; leave that for those who like to suffer at their leisure and indulge their grief in secret . another . the cardinal ; still dressed with <unk> care , his hair well arranged and curled , his person perfumed , he looked , owing to his extreme taste in dress , only half his age . a fearful sleep . ” replied eugénie . ? ” replied d ’ artagnan . we shall hear that our friend is released ! ” physician ! he would perforate the stranger with whom you left him in dispute ; whereas the stranger ,	86.57449340820312
on the contrary , in spite of all his <unk> quickly threw him on his back . he , “ if the smell of their roast meat <unk> you , i will go and offer them two of our birds for a slice . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , wishing to change the conversation , “ here are fifty pistoles that the count has sent you by the same courier . ” answered porthos , rising on his saddle , in order that he might <unk> the immense crowd , “ there are a lot of them . ” , friend ? ” girl ; you have outraged , defiled her . your father ’ s ? ” a feeling of faintness came over villefort .	41.90269470214844
to himself that this reasoning was not only <unk> , but just . is not a horse for hard work . ” . rightly . us speak about it ; for it was agreed among us , once for all , that we should always hold together , though engaged on opposing sides . ” were a friend of mine , i should ask you if you would sell your horse . ” , which whistled through the air like a <unk> , and the <unk> mass fell with a smothered crash on the insulter ’ s skull and crushed it . was concealed by the young man in the effect of this interview , and therefore he had suggested it . count had just given , for	58.802276611328125
immediately ali went noiselessly , and returned , bearing a black dress and a three-cornered hat . and ran to the window . in assent . around him , in order to assure himself that he was unobserved , he entered by the small gate , and , carefully closing and securing it after him , proceeded with a hurried step towards the barrier . grimaud ! ” exclaimed raoul “ here you are at last ! ” said he , in so low a tone that he could hardly be heard . happen to me ? to excuse himself . used , which we in our blindness could not see , then seem simple and easy , and we say , ‘ why did i not do	60.058509826660156
this , instead of that ? ’ women , on the contrary , are rarely tormented with remorse ; for the decision does not come from you , —your misfortunes are generally imposed upon you , and your faults the results of others ’ crimes . ” as one can well believe took place between him and lord de winter . , my dear d ’ artagnan ; i wish you may with all my heart , if that will amuse you . ” thank you for it . before they could meet , the vessel again changed her course . man towards him , and pressed him for some time to his heart . go at once to the queen . ” , had reason to consider	52.29313278198242
themselves fortunate in having the opportunity of hearing one of the best works by the composer of <unk> di <unk> , supported by three of the most renowned <unk> of italy . d ’ artagnan . to you the day before yesterday , sir , which you appear to recollect so well , ” replied eugénie , “ i saw you arranging a <unk> not that the term ? —of five millions and a half ; you even pointed it out to me in two drafts on the treasury , and you were astonished that so valuable a paper did not dazzle my eyes like lightning . ” looked upon the customs officer wounded to death , and , whether from heat of blood produced by the encounter	93.47962951660156
, or the chill of human sentiment , this sight had made but slight impression upon him . without a rider , covered with foam , his nostrils extended and eyes all fire , galloped up , and recognizing his master , stopped and neighed with pleasure ; it was arthur . those who do theirs at the same time ! ! ” said a loud voice from the staircase , which porthos had just mounted . ” said morrel thoughtfully , “ have heard something like this from an old sailor named penelon . ” you have me do ? ” said the major . and examined this man . it . ” more song ; it is so delightful to hear music in the distance ,	59.875762939453125
when the <unk> are <unk> by observation . ” dear girl , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you know that it is not good for any of us to be here . moment , and <unk> his pale cheeks with his nails . again . they returned by the main road to boulogne , at abbeville , and followed it step by step , examining every track . the penalty of being a living puzzle ! ” taken possession of the bastion . of austria ’ s servant and signified that he was ready to follow him into the queen ’ s presence . believe your eminence , ” he replied ; “ though i have had but little evidence of that <unk> of which your	34.434959411621094
eminence speaks . this secret , my dear , but yourself . as a gascon , was inclined to sobriety , seemed not so sure as his friend of the truth of athos ’ s maxim , but he did his best to keep up with his host . are arrested by the guards of the cardinal , are they ? ” continued m. de tréville , as furious at heart as his soldiers , but <unk> his words and <unk> them , one by one , so to say , like so many blows of a <unk> , into the bosoms of his auditors . fear ; besides , you will accompany me . cardinal what the two musketeers had already said with respect to athos .	54.854278564453125
the same time , being a man of extreme caution , was quite aware what injury he should do himself , if by any indiscretion or awkwardness he should betray has <unk> to the experienced eye of athos . in <unk> . , struck twelve times , ” answered raoul , smiling . them by merely temporizing . ; but it would have been more <unk> not upon the scaffold . ” the <unk> was published in london that no vessel bound for france should leave port , not even the packet boat with letters . . planchet , “ what a misfortune ! shadow appeared in the darkness the outline of which was familiar to d ’ artagnan , and a well-known voice said , “ monsieur	84.31982421875
, i have brought your cloak ; it is chilly this evening . ” , ” cried dantès , “ on the contrary , it seems as if i were reading a most interesting narrative ; go on , i beg of you . ” artagnan took his way toward the rue tiquetonne , where he lived at the hotel de la chevrette . mistake owing to an error in my plans . for athos , ” said d ’ artagnan to the <unk> aramis , when he had informed him of all that had passed since their departure from the capital , and an excellent dinner had made one of them forget his thesis and the other his fatigue . . think ? ” unfortunate king ,	36.51292419433594
monsieur de tréville ! , ” answered the other ; “ and no doubt his motive in visiting paris is to <unk> for the monthyon prize , given , as you are aware , to whoever shall be proved to have most <unk> advanced the interests of virtue and humanity . on the mantle-piece of your excellency ’ s bedroom . ” how matters have progressed ? disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages . see those beings to whom you allude ? ” ’ artagnan ; the profession of arms suits you . dantès , “ it was a hundred and forty francs i owed caderousse . ” , exclaiming , “ the emetic ! at ease . ”	92.4801254272461
hour edmond was awakened by the roar of thunder . me to judge . ? ” ” ! ” , ” replied porthos ; “ he will never leave me . that the last was stopped on his way , dashed on the rocks , and the governor told us next day that we were careless fellows . ” reply ; but at the moment he opened his mouth , d ’ artagnan , who had heard all , precipitated himself over the threshold of the door . go so fast ? ’ asked i of my mother . , cucumetto rose , a pistol in each hand . their meal in the <unk> of monsieur de chavigny ; we ’ ll have a supper here under your	43.49085235595703
direction . ” an officer like you , with a fierce moustache and a long sabre , but they think they may crush a poor weeping girl with impunity . ” written , carlini seized it , and hastened to the plain to find a messenger . you spoke of vigilance and protection . believe something too dreadful . ” said bazin , “ where was he carried ? ” at being surprised in the midst of wine , cards , and dice . you be arrested , for then i will return directly . ” , and laughed aloud . the bread he was about to devour , and returned to his <unk> did not wish to die . the officer , and left the room .	57.62337875366211
as death ; for d ’ artagnan had assumed a threatening attitude , and planchet <unk> himself after his master . precaution indicated , had an interest in not being recognized . , who was not completely taken in by d ’ artagnan ’ s <unk> . s imprisonment was then related to them ; and as they were really gentlemen , they pronounced the host in the wrong . the night together . i shall forget it . ” at all ? ” cromwell asked . then , prefer a method , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ which would equally avenge you while rendering the combat useless ? ” words in such a low tone , that nothing but morrel ’ s intense interest in	62.01229476928711
what she was saying could have enabled him to hear them . do so . ” emperor ? ” very soon , ” said the doctor , looking at the corpse before him ; “ but that ought not to astonish you ; monsieur and madame de saint-méran died as soon . their course without our assistance . wishes to believe . wall again . of reasons , you know . ” head still covered , in the tone of a judge rather than a prisoner , charles began . ” he cried , as the two friends entered , “ you are very happy ! you , madame ; but either i was deceived or hell has resuscitated you ! ” has sent you some as from	49.01285934448242
us ? ” the drawing-room by another door . not mine . the island of elba , my brother instantly joined the army , was slightly wounded at waterloo , and retired with the army beyond the loire . ” could you have the courage to do so ? ” monsieur the principal thinks that my thesis ought to be dogmatic and <unk> . ” ” replied albert , “ i was announcing your visit to some of my friends , whom i had invited in consequence of the promise you did me the honor to make , and whom i now present to you . large as a nut to be worth all that . ” . them drink it . ” these men ; but there	43.083412170410156
is another over me . ” . ” my heart , ” observed julie ; “ and two or three times i fancied that i had heard it before . ” on us at table . ” we will make the half of one for one of the <unk> , and then we will give the turnings out of our pockets to d ’ artagnan , who has a steady hand , and will go and play in the first gaming house we come to . ” she cried , as d ’ artagnan finished , “ you dare to tell me the details of your <unk> give me an account of your treason ! ” in a loud voice , before every one , of their previous	37.802581787109375
interview . heard , so he redoubled his blows . was arranged ? ” here by heaven ! ” to see if you have been fortunate enough to escape the bad moral influence to which you have been exposed , and which is infinitely more to be dreaded than any physical suffering ; he wishes to discover if the fine abilities with which nature had endowed you have been weakened by want of <unk> ; and , in short , whether you consider yourself capable of resuming and retaining in the world the high position to which your rank <unk> you . ” ? ” respects , tolerably well . ” groups , assumed the command of one , gave the second to aramis , and the third	84.74879455566406
to porthos ; and then each group went and took their watch near an entrance . owing to the incessant labor of villefort , who wished it to be the first on the list in the coming assizes . give the abbé <unk> ” my chamber . ” a moment . more than the others . , for i see you have a blue ribbon at your button-hole . ” looked around for some corner to hide in , some way of escape . <unk> , for at <unk> i was plundered even of my <unk> . <unk> bound on his feet by cords . , held in great <unk> all that could render a man happy ? ” honest man who entertains neither love nor hatred for	78.57111358642578
anybody . know a little about wounds , and mine , i know , is mortal . him ? d ’ artagnan was that his friends had never thought of this . its character , yield to mad ideas , be even <unk> live . ” ” replied monte cristo , “ that while you call yourself baron you are not willing to call anybody else count . ” enough for that ? ” the word and the <unk> are called ‘ frondeurs , ’ and yesterday every article sold was ‘ a la fronde ; ’ bread ‘ a la fronde , ’ hats ‘ a la fronde , ’ to say nothing of gloves , <unk> , and <unk> ; but <unk> ” work and crowded	118.08539581298828
the space before the door with all the furniture in the room , as not only to make the passage impassable , but so to block the door that by no means could it open inward . , sir , ” continued mazarin ; “ your private adventures have touched me to the quick ; besides , the letter from mr. cromwell makes you an important person as ambassador ; come , tell me , what can i do for you ? ” ’ ” ; i only drank a glass of my master ’ s <unk> ’ s all. ” and barrois turned towards noirtier , who , <unk> fixed in his armchair , was contemplating this terrible scene without allowing a word or a movement to	84.32674407958984
escape him . a question : where are the plenipotentiaries ? ” spoken in her favor , since lord de winter had not been willing to listen to him . uttered a sigh . , ” said porthos , resuming his melancholy air ; “ but i have been taught my mistake . ” of revolutions . he arrested ? ” great deal , it seems to me . ” , <unk> on your sword , run after adventures , and leave as in old times a little of your fat on the roadside . ” a man could conceive such an enterprise and still less how he could have the audacity to disclose it to her whose interest and almost duty it was to punish him .	64.08403778076172
said , making a low bow , “ why did you not begin by saying that , monsieur mordaunt ? leaders of the fronde he had not gone so far but that retreat was possible should the court offer him the advantages for which he was ambitious and to which the <unk> was but a <unk> . and had also picked up a little of the romaic dialect during voyages to the east ; and by the aid of these two languages he easily comprehended the construction of all the others , so that at the end of six months he began to speak spanish , english , and german . milady , “ is your presence an indispensable accessory of my captivity ? ” cried the duke	79.18297576904297
. that he would not go ; but he could not resist his love of sport , and set out after dinner . ” said aramis , with his soft , <unk> voice , “ remember that i will roast you at a slow fire , like a savage . ” of all the passions . in the middle of the room , bursting with laughter . fortune also ? ” inquired the abbé , with an ironical smile . you , albert ; i only restrain you . ” <unk> “ edward ! ” these concealed or public , secret or open wars , there were robbers , mendicants , huguenots , wolves , and scoundrels , who made war upon everybody . be summoned on my	59.32476806640625
account ? ” thought he . when no one could <unk> a mob of citizens , who began to march , some with the right foot , others with the left , i succeeded , i did , in making them all begin with the same foot , and i was made lieutenant on the spot . ” that the garrison of the castle of yanina , fatigued with long service—— ” say to this outburst on the part of the procureur ? ” ten o ’ clock ; you are still at the hôtel des princes ? ” a sign to d ’ artagnan to follow him . plan of dividing the two acts of the opera with a ballet , the <unk> between the performances are	50.04325866699219
very short , the singers in the opera having time to repose themselves and change their costume , when necessary , while the dancers are executing their <unk> and exhibiting their graceful steps . procureur , looking at the doctor with uneasiness , “ if you wish <unk> you demand it , why then it shall be done . know how to dissimulate , ” said monte cristo to himself , glancing at madame danglars , who was smiling on the procureur , and embracing his wife . , aramis continued his way with d ’ artagnan , and both soon arrived at athos ’ s dwelling . use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with	55.597190856933594
almost no restrictions whatsoever . said athos , “ charlotte backson , who first was called comtesse de la fère , and afterwards milady de winter , baroness of sheffield . ” addressed ? ” and planchet . ” replied the same voice , with the same menacing accent . escaped ? ” eyes were all the time riveted on the door , through which he hoped succor would arrive . tréville , “ it is a sad thing that in the unfortunate times in which we live , the purest life , the most incontestable virtue , can not exempt a man from infamy and persecution . of the welfare of her dear buckingham . , ” replied monte cristo . each other , ” replied monte	64.89728546142578
cristo ; “ i introduce no one , and certainly not m. cavalcanti . ” it destroyed , in favor of the court , the struggle commenced with parliament . him . ” window which looked into the courtyard . though born in paris , i was brought up in corsica . ” rank of itself in france , and from the way in which you lavish money , it is a place that must be worth a hundred thousand francs a year . ” don ’ t fight with him it is the same to me with whom i fight . so good a bargain as he at first hoped for , but he made amends by slipping in two bottles of anjou wine instead of two	61.651092529296875
bottles of champagne . hat . ? for ten years before . mistrust , and took out two pistoles to pay the bill . , just as d ’ artagnan and his companions were prepared to mount . efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life . very active in the affair , and the prefect of police very much interested ; and , thanks to that interest , for which i am very grateful , they send me all the robbers of paris and the neighborhood , under pretence of their being caderousse ’ s murderers , so that in three months , if this continues , every robber and assassin in france will have the plan of my house at	76.38471221923828
his fingers ’ ends . , he was surrounded by the loving care of a devoted family , but he had convinced himself by a course of reasoning , <unk> perhaps , yet certainly plausible , that he must separate himself from all he held dear in the world , even life itself . have a window ? ” horses , with completely new harness , may be at the door with my carriage . ” her , took her hand , and said to her in romaic : be ? more brutal accusation or <unk> insults tarnished kingly majesty . ” returned monte cristo . madame danglars , valentine was not yet recovered . that had passed , except the letter to m. de wardes . into	84.41336059570312
master broussel ’ s house , captain , ” replied friquet , in that wheedling way the “ <unk> ” of paris know so well how to assume when necessary . experienced something of the sensation of a bird which , looking up , sees the murderous trap closing over its head . doubtful . . ” said he at length . exclaimed the chief , with an imperative sign of the hand , while with the other he took off his hat respectfully ; then , turning to the singular personage who had caused this scene , he said , “ your pardon , your excellency , but i was so far from expecting the honor of a visit , that i did not really recognize you	64.46334075927734
. ” and the tiber is very near the via <unk> ” franz felt a shudder run through his veins at observing that the feeling of the duke and the countess was so much in unison with his own personal disquietude . mamma ? ” asked eugénie ; “ almost opposite to us , with that profusion of beautiful light hair ? ” porthos . bottles more . ” it is useless to trouble you about them ; i have them . ” ? , as i said before , let us speak of yourself . the steel from the side , ” said he , shaking his head in a significant manner . the cardinal saw his means already bearing fruit , and applauded himself for having	68.2872085571289
put it in action , an inhabitant of la rochelle who had contrived to pass the royal <unk> knows how , such was the watchfulness of bassompierre , schomberg , and the duc d ’ angoulême , themselves watched over by the <unk> inhabitant of la rochelle , we say , entered the city , coming from portsmouth , and saying that he had seen a magnificent fleet ready to sail within eight days . tomorrow . the chair nearest the door , she burst into a paroxysm of sobs . on having arrived so <unk> . that not only mme . , ” he added , “ and give it to his excellency . ” you , ” replied milady , without knowing how much she <unk>	60.9163932800293
by this reply the suspicions to which d ’ artagnan ’ s letter had given birth in the mind of her brother-in-law , and only desiring to gain the good will of her auditor by a falsehood . no . doubt that felton was convinced ; felton was hers . ” replied the governor . , as would be the case with a woman of taste walking in the morning . them , that i may have the opportunity of making my peace with you ? ” said , “ there have been some who have suffered more than i have , but then they must have been martyrs at least . ” entirely surrounded , walked alone in a great empty space . but i feel that	57.666534423828125
this <unk> ” to acknowledge you as my judges , and i only acknowledge you as my <unk> ” and in the middle of a deathlike silence , charles , calm , lofty , and with his head still covered , sat down again in his arm-chair . who had addressed her remained so completely in the shade , that , though franz tried his utmost , he could not distinguish a single feature . ” said villefort to dantès . on the scene . is doubtful ; and it was a wise man who said , ‘ when in doubt , keep out . ’ ” , nor one sigh , was lost on her ; they might have been said to fall on the shield of	73.0699462890625
minerva , which some philosophers assert protected sometimes the breast of <unk> . of plots is my <unk> . ” court now . woman ? ” , this way ! ” he cried , directing his course toward the gate that had been pointed out . others , being unwilling to take the first chance from those who had the <unk> . whose sleep was light , like that of all persons of a finely organized constitution . of <unk> the hashish . ” their cloaks , appeared . <unk> in the humble guise of captives , without arms . was sufficiently well trained , monsieur de beaufort invited the governor and officers of vincennes to attend a representation which he was going to have in his apartment	101.72566986083984
. was heard nearer . ” said the prince , saluting them ; “ first speak ; we shall have time afterward for the usual compliments . . <unk> ; they use <unk> scoundrels ! ” renée , “ i can not help regretting you had not chosen some other profession than your <unk> physician , for instance . sapphire . steps forward . ” albert , “ you became the property of this man ? ” <unk> me to give you this . ” so to an old friend like me , caderousse , as you said just now ; you are a native of marseilles , i <unk> ” signal : ‘ jesus seigneur ! ’ ” and he went out as he came in ,	74.13912963867188
whistling the <unk> air . me if i took it into my head to disobey you ? <unk> stole one , i had one <unk> , only <unk> , sir , they ate half of it on the wall ; a splendid <unk> never ate a better . ” morrel had presented himself at the little door leading to noirtier ’ s room . ? ” asked athos . athos , speaking in a low voice . , ” athos replied , “ but you said a word the other day that was more than <unk> was noble and generous . by that question ? ” one of these <unk> i heard the door open . , porthos took leave of mme . explicit , ” said the	52.96372985839844
governor . been one <unk> if their four hearts had <unk> in one breast . ” ” answered mordaunt ; “ but traitors to england are no longer members of my family . ” man . it may easily be seen he has been accustomed to live well . ” , and left the room . to the queen to entreat her to return to paris ; but she not only declined to receive the deputies , but sent an intimation by chancellor seguier , <unk> that if the parliament did not humble itself before her majesty by <unk> all the questions that had been the cause of the quarrel , paris would be besieged the very next day . gascon . should return , and renée ,	70.09281158447266
far from pleading for dantès , hated the man whose crime separated her from her lover . at all they can swim anywhere . by the two women . , happy in golden <unk> . ” madame , that he did what i have told you ; besides , that is not much more odious than that a frenchman by <unk> should pass over to the english ; that a spaniard by birth should have fought against the spaniards ; that a <unk> of ali should have betrayed and murdered ali . if you avoid them ? ” <unk> . ” still heightened by emotion , entered the room just after her parents had quitted it . 22 . he , “ i see ; but you shall	83.82477569580078
not kill me today . . soldiers , and ran for their arms . , by comparison , seem small , he made royalty great . monsieur le cardinal to my friend ’ s chateau and there we have come to an understanding . a retreating shadow ; it was julie , who , uneasy herself , had anticipated her mother . and in <unk> as the shadows that he felt breathe on his burning forehead . he found himself the possessor of a fine house , situated on the boulevard de la madeleine , and an income of 50,000 livres . you may have heard , introduced a barrel of powder under one of the angles , which in blowing up made a very pretty breach .	94.60440826416016
believe all that the <unk> musketeer had told him , convinced that no friendship will hold out against a surprised secret . wedding suit . i thought the whole thing was a joke , nothing more . three , one of whom is wounded , with the addition of a boy , ” resumed athos ; “ and yet it will not be the less said we were four men . ” , offering her assistance . you say ? ” said she , “ what a senseless fanatic ! on . from ? ” leaving notre dame the coadjutor had learned the event of the day . ” said m. de busigny ; “ so let us fix the stake . ” ” cried the duke .	49.4677734375
generally believed he will gain ten millions by that affair . ” without anything fresh happening . ” said the voice . gutenberg literary archive foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for project gutenberg™ and future generations . ” exclaimed athos . ? ” letter ; it must be with my title deeds . ” mazarinist ? lad , then ? ” continued caderousse . his attention was concentrated on the <unk> of the breakfast table . ” came to pay her a visit . costumes between now and tomorrow ? close to me , ” said milady . o ’ clock . us all propose some place . hôtel des princes , rue de richelieu . on a sofa , eugénie sat near	49.76205825805664
her , and cavalcanti was standing . d ’ artagnan , “ they will miss me ; if they fire we will ride after the carriage , and exterminate those who may be in it . ? ” said the count ; “ but that is not in the country . . andrea was awakened by a ray of sunlight , which played , warm and brilliant , upon his face . write , sir . her throat a small golden key which hung there , and presented it to the cardinal . and the cardinal with vexation ; although , distant as they were from the queen , they could not count the studs . waiting to answer , and in two seconds reappeared , bringing on	52.33274459838867
a <unk> , all that his master had ordered , ready prepared , and appearing to have sprung from the ground , like the repasts which we read of in fairy tales . that i believe i know him . ” d ’ artagnan , “ it is very little to <unk> the unexpected <unk> i am bringing to this poor devil who has so warmly welcomed me . ” twenty-three years of age , ” said athos , in a low tone . me ? ” about them . ” time , and drew back the tapestried hanging which concealed the door , to signify to his master and albert that they were at liberty to pass on . budge . horse entered by the name of	43.17448806762695
vampa ? ” . ” ” said the queen . believing in the reality of her opposition and was unwilling to deprive himself in his own view of the credit of her conversion . were started , athos knew all the noble families of the kingdom , their <unk> , their alliances , their coats of arms , and the origin of them . here alone ? ” in the direction indicated , and found one of those exterior staircases that are still to be seen in the yards of our old-fashioned <unk> . gascon beat as if it would burst through his <unk> from fear , god be thanked , he had not the shade of it , but with <unk> ; he fought like a furious	73.60807037353516
tiger , turning ten times round his adversary , and changing his ground and his guard twenty times . sir , that you are asking me very strange questions , and that i am very foolish to answer them ? ” may laugh , but as long as we were within gunshot of the pier or of the vessels lying by it i was looking for a frightful discharge of musketry which would crush us . ” have also confirmed my ideas on the subject of sudden inspirations , for i have several times owed my life to a mysterious impulse which directed me to move at once either to the right or to the left , in order to escape the ball which killed the comrade fighting	111.90864562988281
by my side , while it left me <unk> . ” the same time . injury sustained by comminges ? ” . of the year <unk> and as he had <unk> habits , he found it hanging on its nail . overhead . ’ room to give the requisite orders , baptistin opened the door : he held a letter on a silver waiter . in the park , as many trout in the stream , dined in a <unk> overlooking the ocean , and took tea in the library . hurry ? ” said the musketeer , as pale as a sheet . to his forehead . on that point , ” answered villefort , with one of his sweetest smiles ; “ you and i will	48.72220230102539
always consult upon our <unk> . ” gascons are too much alike and know each other too well ever to trust what any one of them may say of himself ; so in reaching the walls which surrounded the palais royal , the cardinal knocked at a little door , and after thanking d ’ artagnan and requesting him to wait in the court of the palais royal , he made a sign to guitant to follow him . it is time to start ; the signature was indeed fixed to take place at nine o ’ clock , but perhaps valentine will not wait for <unk> ” consequently , morrel , having left the rue meslay at half-past eight by his timepiece , entered the clover-field while	62.583805084228516
the clock of saint-philippe-du-roule was striking eight . , ” said villefort ; “ it would be better to take her to her carriage . ” looked fatigued , either from tears or want of sleep . , gentlemen , ” said the president ; “ fresh inquiries will be made , and the case will be tried next session by another magistrate . ” in his turn ; it appeared as if there were abysses in milady ’ s soul whose depths were dark and unknown . however , to receive your excellency ’ s commands concerning the dinner . ” she resumed , “ that he sold <unk> sold it in order to save me another <unk> be able to send a messenger to the duke	61.87480163574219
to warn him of his <unk> sold it to monsieur des essarts , on whose finger i remarked it . , tell me , have you the slightest idea whence this terrible blow proceeds ? ” with him ? of all the servants . an air from <unk> , went to sit down on a bench , while bertuccio followed him , collecting his thoughts . stranger to <unk> is a city i have never yet seen . ” ” that you had a hundred friends . ” ” said grimaud . he , “ is a proof of my satisfaction . ” , there is not a moment to lose ; we must let the king know immediately . ” my dear friend—— ” ? ” up	47.236454010009766
to lubin , who did not at all remember him , and the two lackeys began to chat with the best understanding possible ; while d ’ artagnan turned the two horses into a lane , went round the house , and came back to watch the conference from behind a hedge of <unk> . i presume , the knife stab in the rue de la <unk> ? ” a reverie that her eyes gradually closed . , gentlemen of the guards , ” said athos , full of rancor , for jussac was one of the aggressors of the preceding day . one of my friends , a sculptor , only we enter by the trap through which he lets down his marble . ” to be	55.05326843261719
an utter impossibility , ” said villefort . the count , and left the house . , my lord , he no doubt dreams that he is one already . ” conspired , ” murmured he , “ but it matters not ; we will see . ” épinay , unlike you , bears his misfortune patiently . ” m. d ’ avrigny , and antoinette his niece . , ” returned morcerf , with the simplicity of conviction . , d ’ artagnan , stand on one side , ” cried athos . of an hour . , “ but yesterday i went to st. mandé to make some inquiries after a servant , as i can not possibly do without one ; and the roads were	47.665836334228516
so bad that i brought back all this mud , which i have not yet had time to remove . ” bishop that very evening to apprise him of the religious desire expressed by the king and also of cromwell ’ s permission . and was about to contradict the baroness upon this latter point , when the door opened suddenly . was engaged that evening , and another the next , so the meeting was fixed for the day after that . a suppliant , clasped his hands . ” he said , “ reply to my question . so learned a person as yourself would prefer absolute solitude to being tormented with the company of one as ignorant and <unk> as myself . ring , and	78.06680297851562
drawing from his pocket a pair of steel <unk> and a small set of copper <unk> , he took the stone out of its setting , and weighed it carefully . ” said debray , rising , “ it is half-past two . that he had forty ways of getting out of prison . franz . ? ” shudder at the fearful danger you were placed in . ” one of the previous speakers , “ as he was a churchman , they may go to some expense in his behalf . ” , reflected for a few moments , wrote eight or ten lines in a charming little female hand , and then with a voice soft and slow , as if each word had been scrupulously	54.75933074951172
weighed , he read the following : loathe it ! ” indebted to you to refuse your first request . appearance produced on the mind the impression of a corpse with living eyes , and nothing could be more startling than to observe the expression of anger or joy suddenly lighting up these organs , while the rest of the rigid and <unk> features were utterly deprived of the power of participation . a large divan completely encircled it . undertaken with his <unk> same who was <unk> carry off a young woman who was to leave paris by the barrière de la villette ; but having stopped to drink at a cabaret , they had missed the carriage by ten minutes . difficulty , ” said porthos	112.33019256591797
, “ and a good push with the <unk> ” you play , too , when you are on guard ? ” sequins haughtily into his pocket , and slowly returned by the way he had gone . have correspondents in that country . ” . andrea , — “ no ; it is useless for you to say so , count . mercédès again ? ” inquired the priest . , debray , ” returned beauchamp , laughing , “ for here is château-renaud , who , to cure you of your mania for paradoxes , will pass the sword of <unk> de <unk> , his ancestor , through your body . ” impossible to learn ; the despatch simply stated the fact of the landing and	49.819549560546875
the route taken by the usurper . ” i want money . ” inward shriek , and retreated to a corner of the room like a panther which <unk> for a spring . so , my lord , it was so—in the left side , and with a knife . his usual coolness , reseated himself before the remains of the breakfast . choir the body of the victim , clothed in her <unk> dress , was exposed . talk to me thus ? ” said buckingham . cromwell . about yesterday . ” he wants <unk> . fainting , in his chair . the abbé burst into a fit of laughter , while dantès gazed on him in utter astonishment . references to project gutenberg : ”	58.61681365966797
said felton , after having looked at milady from the spot on which he stood without moving a step toward her . . ? have left my hat , and in all probability i should have been left with my hat , had the coadjutor not arrived in time to rescue me . ” worthy to stand near such great names . ” ” cried the officer , in the tone of ill-humor habitual to him ; “ what the devil are you doing here ? ” to remove all suspicion , if she had any , milady repeated to the lackey , before her , the latter part of her instructions . great liar . and light than the kid among the myrtles and shrubs of these	62.97539138793945
wild rocks , took his gun in one hand , his pickaxe in the other , and hastened towards the rock on which the marks he had noted terminated . a good and an excellent friend , ” said albert ; “ yes , you are right ; watch , watch , beauchamp , and try to discover the enemy who made this disclosure . ” there a charming hotel , with a court and garden . ” man , who had watched with intense anxiety all the various expressions of his countenance , and holding out his arm to him , said , “ come , i will not abandon you thus . breath , and then dived , in order to avoid being seen . <unk>	45.38639831542969
, canon of notre dame , who had formerly been valet of a bishop , who introduced him to his eminence as a perfectly devout man . cried the king , taking up tréville ’ s words , “ police affairs ! that i intended demanding shelter , and , as we never entered by the door that opened onto the road , i resolved not to break through the rule , so climbing over the <unk> , i crept amongst the olive and wild <unk> trees , and fearing that caderousse might have some guest , i entered a kind of shed in which i had often passed the night , and which was only separated from the inn by a partition , in which holes had	94.14642333984375
been made in order to enable us to watch an opportunity of announcing our presence . ? ” of giving him fresh strength , deprived him of it ; the pickaxe descended , or rather fell ; he placed it on the ground , passed his hand over his brow , and remounted the stairs , <unk> to himself , as an excuse , a desire to be assured that no one was watching him , but in reality because he felt that he was about to faint . of saint-méran died a few days after he had set out on his journey to paris , and the marchioness a few days after her arrival ? ” milady . have just returned from sea . ” the first	42.51772689819336
to avail themselves of this permission . it was , brought him to nine o ’ clock in the morning ; at which hour he rose , in order to repair to the residence of m. de tréville , the third personage in the kingdom , in the paternal estimation . his head . ” replied signor pastrini , with the air of a man perfectly well satisfied with himself . , no ! ” said lord de winter , with apparent good nature . the queen , “ suppose you put one of your sons in the king ’ s place ; we might be off during the time . ” ejaculated , “ italian ! monte cristo , “ what do you see in that to	30.77341651916504
annoy you ? ” said , “ i am then to die ? should he know in the neighborhood any doctor or <unk> , to fetch him , taking on himself the payment of the messenger . ” said planchet , “ i seem to smell , from this place , even , a most <unk> perfume of fine roast meat , and to see the <unk> in a row by the hedge , hailing our approach . his usual calm gait , to the stable and went into the very midst of the <unk> , who , foreigner as he was , could not help admiring his height and the enormous strength of his great limbs . how it is , ” said athos , becoming still	66.19731140136719
paler , but yet attempting to laugh ; “ i was sure it was <unk> hanging of people is my nightmare . ” m. de château-renaud ? ” know it. ” the count knit his brows , and remained silent an instant . for <unk> my diamond ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , closing his hand with a nervous spasm . . cast on barrois showed that there was something wanting which he knew where to find . you manage to <unk> me ? ’ , saying that although he was not a deputy from monsieur de conti , or monsieur de beaufort , or monsieur de bouillon , or monsieur d ’ elbeuf , or the coadjutor , or madame de longueville , or broussel ,	51.52372360229492
or the parliament , and although he had come on his own private account , he nevertheless had things to say to her majesty of the utmost importance . felt a shudder at the idea of even a <unk> angel ? ” the noise which the carriage made in rolling over the pavement of la villette . you , d ’ artagnan , and you , athos ? ” said the young man . said athos , “ who are going to be killed , in order that monsieur de bouillon may have his estate at sedan restored to him , that the reversion of the admiralty may be given to the duc de beaufort , and that the coadjutor may be made a cardinal . ” ”	37.40153503417969
said caderousse , letting his hand drop on the paper , “ there is here wherewithal to kill a man more sure than if we waited at the corner of a wood to assassinate him ! them with an affrighted stare , recognized them , and let drop his lantern , uttering a cry of terror . is the dignity of your rank alone which makes you cruel to me ; i can believe that , had you been madame de chevreuse , poor buckingham might have hoped . an aperture , arranged as a window to let in the night air , his eyes mechanically following the course of the moon , <unk> veiled , as we before observed , by heavy clouds . . blessing ?	88.56531524658203
” he said . this great tragedy even to its last scene , ” said athos . his head . ’ clock , i shall have the order for your exile , signed , <unk> . took a step toward her . always on your guard . far you pledge yourself , my good friend , for i may remind you of your promise at some , perhaps , not very distant period , when i , in my turn , may require your aid and influence . ” not know ? ” ? ” , ” said mazarin aside ; “ they are carved from <unk> ” then he added aloud , “ but you have relations left you ? ” departure ? ” athos , when	40.72810745239258
aramis and he were in the boat again , “ are you beginning to be convinced that we should have done a bad turn to all these people in arresting mazarin ? ” of paris , then ? ” she , “ that need not make you uneasy , however difficult it may at first sight appear to be . s probable , ” said d ’ artagnan . sir , ” said monte cristo , “ you are <unk> <unk> . ” . the young man ; “ all is now explained ; with this key i open the abyss . ferry rope under the shadow of a pale cloud which hung over the water at that moment . franz , “ the corsican bandits that were	42.515872955322266
among the crew of his vessel ? ” fixed on the same spot . ” said the count of morcerf , “ for a man of your merit , italy is not a country , and france opens her arms to receive you ; respond to her call . guardsman whom aramis had killed , seized his rapier , and returned toward d ’ artagnan ; but on his way he met athos , who during his relief which d ’ artagnan had procured him had recovered his breath , and who , for fear that d ’ artagnan would kill his enemy , wished to resume the fight . the major , “ difficulties seem to thicken upon us ; will she be wanted in any way	67.10578155517578
? ” does he live ? ” asked comminges . grimaud to bring a glass for d ’ artagnan , and grimaud obeyed as usual . the young girl , more eager than villefort for the decision , was watching also intently and affectionately . a laugh ; a terrible laugh , that showed he must have suffered horribly to be able thus to laugh . cristo , i believe ? ” said he . cæsar , an indigestion declares itself immediately , while a <unk> or a bite occasions a delay of a day or <unk> ’ cæsar gave way before such <unk> reasoning , and the cardinals were consequently invited to dinner . for the queen and madame the president . no pains to conceal how	105.67929077148438
little affection he has for me . . ” then ? ” educated in a <unk> in the south ; i believe near marseilles . duke ? ” immediately put spur to horse , which set off along the rue saint honore with the speed of the whirlwind . port ? ” , barrois returned , bringing the notary with him . first place , here is my chisel . ” and it seemed to him as if everyone had left the cell . herblay , to his left . exclaimed the queen , frowning . him with their agile swords . grimaud met him between bethune and arras and then came here to warn me of his presence . ” ? ” money ? ” replied athos	54.351951599121094
. you going ? ” de chatillon . ” ” cried raoul . , what it is to belong to the army . to remind you my mother speaks to you . ” friend , if i disturb you , ” said the man with the red handkerchief , “ but i want to speak to you . ” artagnan ’ s chamber , it was empty ; the landlord , dreading the consequences of the encounter which was doubtless about to take place between the young man and the stranger , had , consistent with the character he had given himself , judged it prudent to decamp . . though honor is a fine thing , they are tired of fighting for it , and to-night they	38.91126251220703
have sold you for two hundred thousand <unk> is to say , for half what is owing them . ” d ’ artagnan could not perceive the face of aramis . were behind her and the women again were behind the men . at this strange man , whose brilliant courage made him the equal of the bravest , and who was , by his fine and quick intelligence , the equal of the most astute . door when mazarin stopped him . two sovereigns give you in exchange for these magnificent presents ? ” asked debray . the english peculiarity , namely , in a blue coat , with gilt buttons and high collar , in the fashion of 1811 , a white <unk> waistcoat , and	62.08949279785156
nankeen <unk> , three inches too short , but which were prevented by <unk> from slipping up to the knee . , edmond , and let us part . ” ” said dantès . to write when he had made up his mind as to his future plans . were doing there ? ” to her forehead , “ i shall go mad ! ” at the gate by which they sought to enter the city , but athos replied , in excellent english , that they had been sent forward by colonel harrison to announce to his colleague , monsieur bridge , the approach of the king . hunger . ” about the club in the rue saint-jacques ? ” , my lord , for in giving	41.22523880004883
it to you i acted in opposition to my orders . ” , my lord . ” that ? ” as my nephew , for you would be a worthy son of such a mother . ” du helder , on the 21st of may , at half-past ten in the morning , and your word of honor passed for your punctuality ? ” very coating of fat that makes me shiver . ” at her , though she did her best to faint . not have this haunting of bad places , this quarreling in the streets , this <unk> at the <unk> ; and above all , i will not have occasion given for the cardinal ’ s guards , who are brave , quiet ,	50.93959045410156
skillful men who never put themselves in a position to be arrested , and who , besides , never allow themselves to be arrested , to laugh at you ! . ” on . ” your grimaud ! : fetch your wife from the louvre , did you always return directly home ? ” be in , wait for me . ” soul , ” said the young man ; “ but are you really the executioner of bethune , as these people say ? ” , ” replied the hostess , pointing to the wounded man ; “ i ask you if you recognize him ? ” had been entirely withdrawn , a red froth issued from the mouth of the wounded man and a stream of	40.56438064575195
blood <unk> afresh from the wound when he at length drew breath ; then , fixing his eyes upon grimaud with a singular expression , the dying man uttered the last <unk> and expired . anne ; “ but that idea , if at last i have it—— ” groslow , “ i beg you will take your places . sparks fell around <unk> , at last , the volcano was <unk> all was dark and <unk> floating bark and heaving ocean . longer ; then by degrees a cold light crept through the venetian blinds , until at length it revealed the objects in the room . , ” murmured albert , still burning the papers . said , “ you will admit that , when arrived	88.54107666015625
at a certain degree of fortune , the <unk> of life are all that can be desired ; and the ladies will allow that , after having risen to a certain eminence of position , the ideal alone can be more exalted . prisoners . ” ? ” i will tell you what we must do . said athos smiling , “ midnight . ” fears he entertained with respect to her majesty ; he related to him what he had heard of the projects of the cardinal with regard to buckingham , and all with a tranquillity and candor of which m. de tréville was the more the dupe , from having himself , as we have said , observed something fresh between the cardinal , the	61.672821044921875
king , and the queen . door close ; then the noise of two bolts by which milady fastened herself in . love with the catalane ? ” , in the first place ? ” order you to treat me in this way ? ” , to await a night sufficiently dark to favor their flight , they were obliged to defer their final attempt till that auspicious moment should arrive ; their greatest dread now was lest the stone through which the sentry was doomed to fall should give way before its right time , and this they had in some measure provided against by <unk> it up with a small beam which they had discovered in the walls through which they had worked their way .	98.06171417236328
to dispose , ” he continued , “ of the parliament ! death , and if the walls of a prison were between edmond and mercédès they would be as effectually separated as if he lay under a <unk> . ” your father has dishonored himself ? ” ” she said with a charming smile , which accompanied him until he had disappeared . a great noise was heard at the gate . ” said groslow , “ bring them with you . ” , and with her face hidden by her hands was giving free scope to the sighs and tears which had been so long restrained by the presence of her son . them who had condemned me , they kept their word . desired by	54.8321533203125
him to give you his compliments and to say that he is in good health . ” , you shall receive the consolation that you ask . give me this letter . ” said morrel in a hoarse voice , “ tell them that i am her betrothed . ’ s foe went through the throat of his horse , which fell , groaning . you do with this money , count ? dead , and has not pardoned me . ” word with him , and i neither ate nor drank . forgive him . ” winter , then he paused ; “ but tell me , can you not perceive the <unk> <unk> which marks the heavens ? ” or other documents of a compromising character	41.61374282836914
be found upon him , will it not be taken for granted that all who <unk> him are his accomplices ? ” i saw them , and yet whenever i have seen the king in danger i have thought of them . ” our <unk> , count ? ” said albert . chairs were thrown splendid stuffs , dyed beneath persia ’ s sun , or <unk> by the fingers of the women of calcutta or of <unk> . do with politeness , i should like to know ? replaced by another functionary , and danglars , wishing to catch sight of his new guardian , approached the door again . but wishing to make the best use of the time that was left , albert started for	83.67274475097656
naples . down by the discovery that i have been deceived . . comprehend the length of the conversation . ” ? ” said madame de villefort in a harsh and constrained tone . , for heaven ’ s sake , tell us all <unk> he a vampire , or a resuscitated corpse , or what ? ” d ’ artagnan , bounding toward him , “ who says that athos is afraid ? ” strongest , after all , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ don ’ t be furious with old men and women , and keep your wrath for more appropriate occasions . ” hastened to meet him . leveled at them , and divided between fear and curiosity , remained noisy and excited	48.406097412109375
. friendly way , but fernand looked pale and agitated . ” much disquietude ; but it was soon known that they had joined cucumetto . house , have you not ? ” us that <unk> ’ done i will knock on one of the panes of glass . athos , “ fortunately monsieur d ’ artagnan has only fainted . ” was made the subject of discussion , had stepped back , to escape unpleasant observation ; her eyes were cast down , and she was crying . colored lanterns , according to the italian custom , and , as is usual in countries where the luxuries of the <unk> rarest of all luxuries in their complete <unk> well understood , the <unk> was loaded with wax-lights	84.71077728271484
and flowers . down with two of my servants ; but he flew into terrible rage . learn more . s it , no doubt ! ” said milady , returning the letter to mme . _ ” continued he , “ if it were as easy for me to get rid of my enemy as it is easy to get rid of yours , and if it were against such people you require <unk> ” you are really too fanciful ; you will not love even me long . in languedoc is styled a garden , consisting of a small plot of ground , on the side opposite to the main entrance reserved for the reception of guests . a notary ? ” asked villefort . of—	54.527305603027344
” an answer . ” stopped at <unk> , but the four friends went on with well sustained ardor , guarding mazarin carefully . de winter , my protector , my father , ” asked felton , “ possibly be mixed up with all this ? ” for : if marie michon should be threatened with any danger the queen was to send her a <unk> bound in green velvet . ” morrel went up to his study , while maximilian followed him , trembling as he went . don ’ t care to leave you the means of <unk> your jailers . forty-six years of <unk> possessed great elegance of form and was above the middle height ; his complexion was brilliant and beautiful ; his glance	65.98480987548828
full of expression ; his nose , though large , was well proportioned ; his forehead broad and majestic ; his hair , of a chestnut color , was curled slightly ; his beard , which was darker than his hair , was turned carefully with a <unk> iron , a practice that greatly improved it . your orders , ” said monte cristo bowing . have just had a wonderful escape from the most imminent danger , and i owe my safety to the very count of monte cristo we were talking about yesterday , but whom i little expected to see today . the queen , closing the coffer and leaning her hand upon it , “ if there is anything to be said , it	67.15565490722656
is that i have always been ungrateful to the brave men who saved me—that i have given nothing to that gallant officer , d ’ artagnan , you were speaking of just now , but my hand to kiss and this diamond . ” ? ” said monte cristo ; “ we are all mortal . for myself , ” said mazarin . his excellency , ” replied the concierge ; “ the valet de chambre will carry your message . ” the band , luigi vampa . , who had seated herself , and taking an end of the murderous rope which by neglect , or perhaps by design , she allowed to be seen , “ what is this , madame ? ” he asked coldly	41.49916076660156
. milady , “ lord de winter ; and now you can understand it all , can you not ? . d ’ artagnan , bursting into a laugh . there since leaving her house ; the continual silence of the spot oppressed her ; still , seeing that albert continually watched her countenance to judge the state of her feelings , she constrained herself to assume a monotonous smile of the lips alone , which , contrasted with the sweet and beaming expression that usually shone from her eyes , seemed like “ moonlight on a statue , ” <unk> light without warmth . and shut , and i remained overwhelmed , less , i confess it , by my grief than by the mortification of not	74.8653335571289
having avenged myself . in the _coupé_ to châlons . they stood upon the terrace , from which a flight of stone steps led to the carriage-drive . of prisons ? ” aramis , “ impart it to us , my dear friend , unless the honor of any lady be hazarded by this confidence ; in that case you would do better to keep it to yourself . ” that the examination should take place today ? ” one aims a blow that is the <unk> way to strike . , then , did you cry out so ? ” have nothing more to say to me . ” the goldsmith , o ’ reilly , and his assistant , were prohibited from going out under any	71.1115493774414
pretext . the notary , whose interest had been greatly excited , and who had resolved on <unk> far and wide the account of this extraordinary and picturesque scene , “ what appeared so impossible to me an hour ago , has now become quite easy and practicable , and this may be a perfectly valid will , provided it be read in the presence of seven witnesses , approved by the testator , and sealed by the notary in the presence of the witnesses . , he was in such a state of despair , that it was evident all the faculties of his mind , absorbed in the thought which occupied him at the moment , did not allow either his memory or his imagination to	74.26487731933594
stray to the past . the abbé , springing from his seat . ! ” cried the latter , like a man who has the nightmare and talks in his sleep , “ monsieur d ’ artagnan ! ” de villefort uttered an expression of pleasure , and , holding the child still closer towards her , she said : veneration for the cardinal , ” continued he , “ and the most profound respect for his actions . accustomed him to that . ” arm dropped to his side . ? ” said the queen . between these two nobles might last a long time , each becoming , naturally , more firm in his own opinion , m. de tréville thought of an expedient which might	39.81916427612305
terminate it quietly . ” you . us not leave england before the crisis . and but one heart to give ; that promise is pledged to you , that heart is also yours . board , where he was received with all the deference inspired by the uniform . occupied the upper step kept his adversaries marvelously in check . lovers have a protecting deity . a fault which is perhaps great , but which certainly was involuntary . ” athos , who , standing up with outstretched hand and quite out of his mind , thus assailed the public accuser . , that corpse belongs to me ! ” is not an hour we have passed together that is not present to my memory . ”	108.63509368896484
it was called at the palais , and by people in general , had produced a tremendous sensation . its appearance ; half the camp was at the barrier . workmen , were to get the king out of prison and take him to greenwich , where a vessel was waiting . ” instructions ? ” porthos , “ but there are the equipments . ” . ” ” he exclaimed ; “ that would be fair play . ” first received these two <unk> athos had never parted with them . opinion , sir , ” said the major , “ and i—— ” a smile of condescension was stamped upon his lips . it ! ” know not its power in france , and yet you	47.82101821899414
ought to know it ! ” hideous . ” in bad condition , from the results of this accident ; they seem thoroughly stupefied , as if sulky and vexed at having been conquered by man . between ourselves , she did this in order to distract her mind , that she might forget ; and she only filled her head in order to alleviate the weight on her heart . and beauty which many <unk> would have purchased with their <unk> . , and five or six other choice spirits , whom you do not know , even by name . <unk> himself more than ever , to evade the enormous number of <unk> presented to him for the purpose of obtaining <unk> of admission to the	78.21480560302734
court on the day of trial . ’ artagnan presented himself the assemblage was imposing , particularly for a provincial just arriving from his province . mean ? ” asked the countess . baroness , “ among the ten horses in the stables of baron danglars , are two that belong <unk> to me—a pair of the handsomest and most <unk> creatures to be found in paris . <unk> . ” to do ? ” thought villefort , whose position demanded much reserve , but who was longing to know what his father ’ s intentions were . xlv . ? ” said he . the contrary , that it is a charming night , ” replied the countess , “ and those who are here will complain	55.19199752807617
of but one thing , that of its too rapid flight . ” you , my friend . in such shocking spirits all the evening , my friend , ” said the baroness . therefore , upon reflection , appeared to the baroness as if shaped for their mutual advantage . ” said d ’ artagnan , gaily , “ let us sell the diamond , and say no more about it . ” in the mind of the young man , and heaved a deep sigh . to save . steps ; but athos took his arm and passed it under his own , and the young man was forced to regulate his pace by that of his friend . , ” said monte cristo , again	36.916446685791016
placing his finger upon her lips , “ i did say poison and death . head . be content with that answer , ” replied the visitor , “ for i come from one to whom everyone must be at home . and a word from grimaud , all at once , were so unusual that his highness stopped short , astounded . i , after four hours ’ work , ‘ since we are sinking , let us sink ; we can die but once. ’ ‘ is that the example you set , penelon ? ’ cries the captain ; ‘ very well , wait a <unk> ’ he went into his cabin and came back with a brace of pistols . to him to be	85.91800689697266
silent . touching <unk> , monsieur , and although i did not myself believe it , i would not for the world have destroyed my father ’ s faith . project gutenberg™ , including how to make donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , how to help produce our new ebooks , and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new ebooks . description ? ” rival who was beloved ; it was himself who was apparently beloved . saw him run off from the top of the terrace . ” the count with an air of surprise , remarkably well counterfeited ; “ i really did not remember . ” to visit our fine city , my dear count , i can	54.04280090332031
only say that you may command me and mine to any extent you please . ” news ? ” remain with them ; and your majesty has in him so firm a <unk> that it was he who gave jussac the terrible sword thrust which has made the cardinal so angry . ” visible a portion of the boudoir , containing an upright piano and a blue satin couch . her nurse <unk> , in the place where the <unk> cut the wood , when , passing on horseback , i stopped . lord wilmore , with that tone which is only known to natives of great britain . to carry on the siege , without having , at least at the present , anything to fear on	73.1910171508789
the part of the english . master caderousse , that you are mistaken . ” matter which you regret being unable to attend to is not more important than the <unk> ” aramis , with a grimace of disgust . his blood . ” with us without knowing our names , ” said athos , “ by the same token that you won our horses . ” kill me ! ” cried the bandit . with you , not a <unk> ready . ? ” asked madame danglars , shuddering . , for i have expended all mine in <unk> a vessel . ” enter the house of the <unk> . is not equal to his mother when we put foot in france , if we are not	43.43186950683594
poisoned or killed before then . ” england . ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan , carelessly ; “ you see nothing to keep you a little longer in england ? with what concerns me , and i know how to make believe that i haven ’ t seen what does not concern me ; but i hate hypocrites , and among that number i place musketeers who are abbés and abbés who are musketeers ; and , ” he added , turning to porthos “ here ’ s a gentleman who ’ s of the same opinion as myself . ” moment of stupor which follows great catastrophes . ” madame danglars , looking at her husband with uneasiness , “ how could that prevent m.	62.416229248046875
de villefort—— ” , you shall judge of it yourself and at once. ’ ‘ i can not , ’ i replied ; ‘ it is absolutely necessary for me to return to the <unk> ’ ‘ very well , ’ said he , ‘ go and attend to your affairs , since you seem to be in a hurry , but come back in half an <unk> ’ ‘ in half an hour ? ’ ‘ yes , have you breakfasted ? ’ ‘ faith , no. ’ ‘ well , here is a pate that will be ready for you , with a bottle of old <unk> ’ so , you see , my lord , since i am hungry , i would , with your	50.03864288330078
highness ’ s <unk> ” and la ramee bent low . ” said d ’ artagnan , with a calmness which astonished the cardinal himself . who are well provided with every formality . ” this flourish ; and leaving his young man compatriot in the embrasure of the window , where they had talked together , he seated himself at a table in order to write the promised letter of recommendation . won back the equipage , ” cried athos . said aramis , “ we are all alike . money was paid , d ’ artagnan took possession of his lodging , and passed the remainder of the day in <unk> onto his doublet and hose some <unk> <unk> which his mother had taken off an	57.4061164855957
<unk> doublet of the elder m. d ’ artagnan , and which she had given her son secretly . ” said peppino , offering him a little blunt knife and a <unk> fork . said the same sharp and imperative voice . yesterday about escaping , you <unk> me so that i dreamed that i was trying to escape and broke my neck in doing so . ” , that you have penetrated into the darkness of the past , and that you have read , by the light of what torch i know not , every page of my life ; but perhaps i may be more honorable in my shame than you under your pompous <unk> . , but he was welcomed by musket shots ,	79.4629135131836
while stones fell like hail from all the windows . the end ! artagnan was on his way to notre dame . valentine . ” . sound ceased , as if by magic . to inform your majesty , ” continued m. de tréville , in the same tone , “ that a party of <unk> , commissaries , and men of the <unk> estimable people , but very inveterate , as it appears , against the <unk> taken upon themselves to arrest in a house , to lead away through the open street , and throw into fort l ’ evêque , all upon an order which they have refused to show me , one of my , or rather your musketeers , sire , of irreproachable	47.444461822509766
conduct , of an almost illustrious reputation , and whom your majesty knows favorably , monsieur athos . ” tomorrow i shall have to draw upon you for about four thousand francs ; but the count , expecting my bachelor ’ s revenue could not suffice for the coming month ’ s outlay , has offered me a draft for twenty thousand francs . the finest title under the royalty of july , ” replied danglars . conduct me ? ” ’ artagnan is ! ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders ; and he made a sign to grimaud to bring another bottle . said morrel , “ leave me alone , and endeavor to keep your mother and sister away . ” duty it was to	45.71998596191406
remain in the king ’ s room , attracted by that love of play so powerful in all men , had stolen little by little toward the table , and standing on tiptoe , lounged , watching the game , over the shoulders of d ’ artagnan and porthos . vessel , which was rolling on the swell in the little harbor , and , with sails partly set , would be ready for sea when her toilet should be completed . common with many other prisoners , was bent upon doing things that were prohibited ; and the only resource the governor had was , one day when the duke was playing at tennis , to efface all these drawings , consisting chiefly of <unk> . transient	100.24836730957031
as lightning , replied to raoul . he may be from the city , whether he gives eight hours , twelve hours , or a day wherein to pay their ransom ; and when that time has elapsed he allows another hour ’ s grace . <unk> . ? ” to come here ? ” an opportunity made to your hand , and it would be difficult to contrive a better . the equipment was successively debated in the same manner ; and the result of the sitting was that the procurator ’ s wife should give eight hundred livres in money , and should furnish the horse and the mule which should have the honor of carrying porthos and mousqueton to glory . he wrote a letter	72.8233642578125
to his broker , ordering him to sell out at the market price . power of this woman with eyes of flame in reading the hearts of those whose secrets she wished to divine , she met this time with a countenance of such <unk> that no discovery followed her investigation . said parry , mounting the scaffold and standing beside them , “ would you work a little more quietly ? behind him . villefort , ” cried he , “ i am delighted to see you . grimaud . circus . , paris . ” have had any interest in preventing the accomplishment of these two things ? is to be in love ? ” said d ’ artagnan , looking at her for the first	55.059913635253906
time with much attention . daring rascal , ” whispered the count . not only to fetch the order , but the two thousand pistoles , at which he estimated the prisoners . from all the clocks of the faubourg st. germain . i go . ” i thank you for the horse you have brought me . ” to-morrow at stuart ’ s , the next day with me . ” , gathered from his <unk> replies that the road to the right was the one he ought to take , and on that uncertain information he resumed his journey . of forges , i go and take sea waters ; i am free to do so . athos is at monsieur de tréville ’ s .	52.09647750854492
” had i placed any confidence in presentiments , but now i can not help believing them , valentine . friend winter ? ” garden , and that cottage , a dark mist enveloped with its folds that immensity where paris <unk> vast void from which glittered a few luminous points , the funeral stars of that hell ! have committed , my lord , has no call upon human justice , and you can only deliver me from it by blessing me frequently , as you have just done . ” is with him ? ” said raoul . . , he remained perfectly insensible to the enthusiasm of the two men in black . said cromwell , “ that this improvised executioner did his duty remarkably	106.99600219726562
well . you , ” said the executioner . de tréville lends me at my pleasure , and with which i am now going to take a ride to st. germain . ” understand french , ” and mazarin laid his hand upon guitant ’ s shoulder . years old , she might have passed for thirty-five . brought in , and she was found deeply engaged in saying her prayers <unk> which she had learned of an old servant of her second husband , a most austere puritan . ? that <unk> ” and following the cardinal up the secret staircase , soon found himself in the study whence they had first set out . excuse me ? ” coadjuteur . , ” replied the procurator ’	59.24177169799805
s wife , who saw that she had gone too far , “ you must not take the word literally . , ” said the light-horseman , “ that they will send pioneers this morning to repair the bastion . ” mordaunt , ” said mazarin , “ give me this second letter and sit down . ” play to-night ; he has invited us in return to-morrow . sepulchre , into which a ray of sunlight in pity scarcely penetrated . minutes with the people of the tavern before he learned that a woman had come there alone about eleven o ’ clock the night before , had engaged a chamber , had sent for the master of the hôtel , and told him she desired to	54.77494812011719
remain some time in the neighborhood . his feet . , that he , as every one else present , was incapable of reading her thoughts . i ’ m your man . ” jacopo . ” repeated several young people , who were already on sufficiently intimate terms with him to call him by his christian name . way to cromwell ’ s tent , d ’ artagnan and porthos had brought their prisoners to the house which had been assigned to them as their dwelling at newcastle . when we said good-bye to each other in the late cardinal ’ s time . ” examined his arms with the utmost coolness ; he had two double-barrelled guns and a rifle ; he loaded them , looked	65.09073638916016
at the priming , and waited quietly . , ” said the latter , “ i know a man who has rendered great services to a very popular prince and who would make an excellent leader of revolt . <unk> but an english garden ; badly kept , i own , but still you must not calumniate it for that . ” if i were a woman and fate had made me a banker ’ s wife , whatever might be my confidence in my husband ’ s good fortune , still in speculation you know there is great risk . can live well to the end of the month . aramis , in his neighbor ’ s ear , “ the conferences are over . the notary	58.470367431640625
, “ you are aware that the law does not allow a son to be entirely deprived of his patrimony ? ” but the result justified his opinion . that cord which you see hanging against the wall , but pain prevented my continuing the pious exercise . ” agreement . , the same englishman whom i <unk> , indeed . <unk> ” seen aramis ? ” said athos , turning on d ’ artagnan a searching look . waited till now ? and the moment after , three muffled knocks , answering the given signal , sounded beneath the floor . come in . ” ? ” asked the host . twice a day he cast out , through the barred aperture , the provisions his jailer	104.33544158935547
brought him—at first gayly , then with <unk> , and at last with regret . a man of your standing should be embarrassed anywhere ? ” said monte cristo . fail to call upon him in the course of the day ; and then he added in a low voice , ‘ tell your master that his eminence is very well disposed toward him , and that his fortune perhaps depends upon this interview . ’ ” , signor sinbad , ” said franz , “ to ask you the particulars of this kindness ? ” the government . ” , was the first sitting of the assizes . via <unk> ; but that costume , however elegant in itself , has long been out of fashion in	56.76123809814453
paris . ” to the large glass gallery , he perceived de winter , who was waiting until the queen had finished her negotiation . ” said he , “ let me introduce to you m. maximilian morrel , captain of spahis , my friend ; and what is <unk> the man speaks for <unk> preserver . the dead man . to do there ? ” asked morrel . that this was the first time they had ever seen him give up an enterprise , or even delay in its execution . said , “ you are a profound <unk> and your plan was sublime . ” m. de tréville . friend , put yourself in my place , ” replied the musketeer . one had touched <unk>	31.672985076904297
a beautiful <unk> my father had planted the day i was born , which overshadowed the spot . , your fortune is certain , for i shall have money enough for both , and , moreover , a name we shall both be proud of , since it will be our own . he to raoul , “ shall be done as you desire ; but you will not stop to have your wound dressed ? ” at once , and exclaimed : milady . on coming to myself , was to feel under my pillow for the knife i had not been able to reach ; if it had not been useful for defense , it might at least serve for expiation . of you , my	62.978816986083984
lord , ” said he ; “ sign the order for the liberation of milady de winter . thing happen ? knife that saved me . spanish ? ” expression struck morrel , who began his story with trembling . points . ” said morrel , “ if this be so , it must be a miracle of heaven ! coward ? ” continued villefort , with increasing excitement , “ you , who could count , one by one , the minutes of four death agonies ? the point of his sword at his throat . no , ” said comminges , who made a point of having the facts appear exactly as they were , “ i clearly understood what the cardinal said to me .	56.49259567260742
must not trust to the face ; but in what , then , shall we place confidence , if not in the most beautiful work of the lord ? of seeing me after we have made all our arrangements ? ” and m. de château-renaud . ” cried grimaud . go ! ” you have no idea what pleasure it gives me to hear you speak thus , ” said morcerf . ground floor might be heard the sound of music , with the whirl of the waltz and galop , while brilliant streams of light shone through the openings of the venetian blinds . athos in a tone of delight , “ he is well ? ? ” the count to albert , “ i do not	41.8286018371582
ask you to accompany me to my house , as i can only show you a habitation fitted up in a hurry , and i have , as you know , a reputation to keep up as regards not being taken by surprise . for of all themes which you could choose that will be the most agreeable to her taste . ” ” said m. de tréville . my own way . ” of this privileged apartment consisted of old <unk> , filled with chinese porcelain and japanese vases , lucca della <unk> <unk> , and <unk> <unk> ; of old armchairs , in which perhaps had sat henry iv . he , “ i hear a human <unk> ” edmond had not heard anyone speak save	83.68502807617188
his jailer for four or five years ; and a jailer is no man to a <unk> is a living door , a barrier of flesh and blood adding strength to restraints of oak and iron . valentine , timidly , “ does all the father ’ s shame revert upon the son ? but his marriage was put off until a more favorable opportunity . tréville ; but they were not alone , your musketeers . whichever you please . ” d ’ artagnan was left alone with raoul . that i could not enter or leave with a bandage over my eyes . ” of him and asked if they could deliver any message for him to his brother . i was but five years old	95.17914581298828
, ” replied haydée . to everything , and , like <unk> , when young , he drew on his slate sheep , houses , and trees . the service of ali pasha of yanina alluded to three weeks since in _l ’ impartial_ , who not only surrendered the castle of yanina , but sold his benefactor to the turks , styled himself truly at that time fernand , as our esteemed contemporary states ; but he has since added to his christian name a title of nobility and a family name . touch a cardinal ? ” and the sun seemed to cover it with its fiery glance ; afar off , a few small fishing boats studded the bosom of the blue ocean . less	123.64679718017578
forward than they , did likewise , and all ran out , in order to repair to their posts . speaking countenance of the prime minister ; he looked at the queen with anxiety . and continued : cristo , king of china , emperor of cochin-china , ” said the young <unk> , looking slyly towards his sister . one of these marked beings ? ” , and while a deep color overspread his cheeks , he stammered out : god is god , and the world is the devil . jest , if we can . was almost dead when you arrived . ” morrel ; “ who is your second witness ? ” doubtless be surprised at my reserve , and i assure you it	69.52841186523438
costs me much to act in such a manner towards you ; but , believe me when i say that imperative necessity has imposed the painful task upon me . ” albert , just as madame danglars was descending the stairs , “ let us reckon our riches , if you please ; i want capital to build my plans upon . ” all , madame . . ” . girl , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ she is the wife of that frightful <unk> you saw at the door as you came in . ” down , then ? ” said morrel in a hoarse voice . is very fortunate that the letter was not in it . ” from a want of affection ;	43.006874084472656
on the contrary , from a firm conviction . , ” replied mme . . ” with all my heart , ” said comminges ; “ for i know who you are and what service you once performed for her majesty ; i know , too , how dear to you is the young man who came so valiantly to my aid when that old rogue of a broussel was arrested . ” said athos ; “ and how ? felt humiliated by the self-sacrifice and disinterestedness shown by the gascon gentleman . write ? ” , if i remember , ” returned château-renaud . , after five years in prison ? cried he to the coachman . not heard , for if they are it is more	59.08970642089844
than probable i should be removed to another part of the prison , and we be separated forever . ever forget that her son is her safeguard , her shield , the pledge for her dignity , for her fortune and her life ? without making any answer ( for the tremulousness of his voice would have betrayed his emotion ) walked up and down the apartment with a slow step . sincere friend ; i love him devotedly . every opening in the crowd ; he was evidently watching for someone , but his search ended in disappointment . been repressed when she was about to reveal it , by the sad conviction that it would be useless to do so ; for , were it once	85.43891143798828
discovered by her father and mother , all would be lost . noirtier . who <unk> you , mademoiselle . ” had only been there since <unk> . torture and she ’ ll soon tell us where her money is . ’ you allow me to speak to you of her ? ” ” our <unk> , and then pay a last visit to st. peter ’ s ? ” your honor . ” the crowd , who for the sake of gain styled him “ your excellency. ” as danglars had hitherto contented himself with being called a baron , he felt rather flattered at the title of excellency , and distributed a dozen silver <unk> among the beggars , who were ready , for twelve more	63.83371353149414
, to call him “ your highness . ” want ? ” and she fell full length on the floor . name ? ” quite patent of not drawing back a foot from the accomplishment of the commission with which he was charged , and as the attendant of an executioner might have done in the chamber of torture , he approached anne of austria , from whose eyes at the same instant sprang tears of rage . ” were at <unk> ’ — ‘ i was ; but am now back again . ’ . alone , remained silent , face to face . no other place to fear but the traitor ’ s cross ; the carriage was taking the direct road to it . ,	72.7939224243164
and if they want it , have them burnished up . which the attendant and the baron disappeared . door , where he again assured albert that no motive of personal hatred had influenced him against the count of morcerf . of sorrow and delight . child , ” said the count in the romaic language . it intentionally , and not doing it intentionally , i said ‘ excuse me. ’ it appears to me that this is quite enough . advancement , and he was said to be one of the first who had informed the government of the departure from the island of elba . ” man , of fair <unk> little too fair , <unk> in manners ; but you will see and judge	68.32059478759766
for yourself . ” richest and noblest families of rome accompanied them with that italian freedom which has not its parallel in any other country in the world . their promise . ” complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the united states . my dear edmond , the dungeon i am about to leave will not long remain empty ; some other unfortunate being will soon take my place , and to him you will appear like an angel of salvation . orders , my lord . ” , your excellency ! servant . ” of police appeared at the door , pale , trembling , and as if ready to faint . those you sometimes see in a play	63.12929916381836
, who , because they have only a word or two to say , <unk> themselves in the most awkward manner possible . the palais royal is the abode of gayety ? <unk> which was covered by the floor of that room in which athos , porthos and aramis were to pass the night ; the second was to serve as the sleeping-room for the servants , the third , under the prow of the ship , was under the temporary cabin in which mordaunt was concealed . replied guitant , “ such ministers do not weigh men in the same balance ; they get their information on war from warriors ; on intrigues , from <unk> . the sailors , who rose as soon as they perceived	70.4341812133789
him ; and the patron , <unk> him , said : ? ” cried kitty . am ready to feel toward you . ” aid the emperor ’ s return . ” ’ s name ? ” asked the commissary . , and i am spanish . ” villefort ; “ only return again at eleven o ’ clock ; at twelve <unk> , heavens , my poor , poor child ! ” and the procureur again becoming a man , lifted up his eyes and groaned . then ? dantès . he , “ does not the count know where the house he purchases is situated ? ” we go to breakfast there . ” the duke had had time to read again the note from madame	35.99656677246094
de montbazon , which proved to the prisoner that his friends were <unk> plans for his deliverance , but in what way he knew not . duchess . we go in with them ? ” asked porthos . to pay m. cavalcanti the five hundred thousand francs you promise for my dowry ? ” the gladiator said to the emperor , when he entered the <unk> , ‘ he who is about to die <unk> you . ’ ” her eyes fixed upon the door . , for it is a family inheritance ; both my father and grandfather died of it in a third attack . , ” said the banker to monte cristo ; “ wait for me . a plaintive voice which essayed to pronounce	48.99207305908203
his name , reached him . three horses . ” s horses , _pardieu_ . i will be yours . against eight ; a point <unk> know the proverb . ” ” busoni ? ” there was brucine in the mixture i give you . ” cried she , smiling . in each of these little woods the tutor placed his two servants at the head of the band , thus forming the advance guard . in english to his sister . without the full approbation of albert de morcerf . the dragons ’ teeth , and shall trample the lions under foot , <unk> the lord . ” hermine , “ doubtless it is chance . ” , and lawn parties without end , in all of	94.85334014892578
which i trust the count will remember us , as he may depend upon it we shall him , in our own humble <unk> . ” . me , i know you now . the madman , ignorant of his folly , should attempt things beyond his power ? , do you see ? <unk> broken by nervous <unk> , <unk> of the brain , torpor of the nerve <unk> . think of this ? ’ he asked in a low voice . ’ he read , in the same tone with which he would have read a newspaper , ‘ that today , the <unk> of february , will be executed andrea <unk> , guilty of murder on the person of the respected and <unk> don <unk>	67.98048400878906
<unk> , canon of the church of st. john lateran , and peppino , called rocca priori , convicted of complicity with the detestable bandit luigi vampa , and the men of his band . ’ give it up , then , ” said the young woman , sighing . you a cross ? ” asked athos . <unk> thing for me to meet again those two men who caused the failure of our enterprise . ” to misunderstand the meaning of this hesitation . his being able to discover what had become of her . taking a crown from his pocket , could save morrel ; he had but to pass his word for a loan , and morrel was saved . in the spanish fashion ;	65.41108703613281
you wore a robe of green satin embroidered with gold and silver , hanging sleeves knotted upon your beautiful <unk> lovely <unk> large diamonds . , who ever since our departure from france , has caused me to wait patiently for this happy day , while talking to me of you . ” that letter inspire you ? ” , then ? lord , accept it , ” said aramis . danglars , rather humble , “ what do you mean by that ? ” of <unk> justice , silent and sure , without respite or appeal , which condemns or pardons , and which no one sees . with some great misfortune ? ” could not draw <unk> signed ; but scarcely had she done so when	91.7412338256836
pride burst forth and she began to weep . ; by daybreak we shall have reached our retreat , and nobody can guess where we are . snow was falling , the streets were silent and deserted . on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement . wait , and it was easily to be seen how he cursed the delay . ” , ” said danglars , in his coarse tone , ill-concealed by a forced smile , “ that you have already got horses enough . ” ; but though he <unk> ’ t strength to speak he had enough for action . . he with an air of triumph which	66.76751708984375
would have puzzled the most clever <unk> . ! , but rapid as thought , gleamed from the eyes of milady . table , was gazing at a <unk> of his wife and daughter ; he was waiting first for juxon , then for martyrdom . had waited only for this demonstration to burst out , all the sentiments of hostility that possessed it <unk> simultaneously . must risk something . sure ; must i say baron danglars ? man or devil , body or shadow , illusion or reality , this man is born for my damnation ; for his flight has caused us to miss a glorious affair , <unk> affair by which there were a hundred pistoles , and perhaps more , to be gained	113.6183853149414
. ” future that he should be supposed never to have seen me . ” this seduction milady might <unk> felton was forewarned , and that against the least chance . each put his own into two envelopes , so that no one , without tearing the first envelope , could discover to whom the second was addressed ; then they drew near to each other and smilingly exchanged their letters . <unk> . dispute between the holy father and his son . beg you to make to lord de winter . count , and availed herself of the first moment when the conversation became earnest to escape to her study , whence very soon two cheerful and noisy voices being heard in connection with <unk> notes of	114.2111587524414
the piano assured monte cristo that mademoiselle danglars preferred to his society and to that of m. cavalcanti the company of mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly , her singing teacher . villefort , striving to struggle against this triple force and his own emotion , — “ sir , you are deceived ; no one <unk> crimes here . facts . , then , madame ? ” inquired the count ; “ very young , i presume ? ” two <unk> , two <unk> and two <unk> . mean to do ? ” ! ” observed franz . , <unk> ! _ ” cried the citizen , swearing in order to rouse his courage . ? ” repeated the king . , ” said he . conceived some	47.83051681518555
<unk> scene ; she will come and throw herself between us ; and what would be sublime here will there appear ridiculous . ” , and again dipped it into the golden box . my father , and who always intended , sooner or later , to sell me again to my original proprietor , as they have now done , calculated that , in order to make the most of their bargain , it would be politic to leave me in possession of all my personal and hereditary worth , and even to increase the value , if possible . , franz perceived that she had deceived him when she spoke of expecting company ; on the contrary , her own return before the appointed hour seemed	86.91669464111328
greatly to astonish the servants . , where the air is pure , where every sound <unk> , where one is sure to be humbled , however proud may be his nature . not make a mistake . will read it again . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , turning to mordaunt . scene in “ l ’ <unk> ” then . murmured he ; “ now only am i fully convinced of being the emissary of god ! ” voice that he was a prisoner , a friend of the duc de beaufort , who called for help . lxiii . , with his hands on his heart , his head bent low , approached the queen and in a voice of deepest sorrow said	48.79694366455078
: advise , then ? ” asked mazarin , trembling . well that , after the succession of misfortunes which had befallen his father , great changes had taken place in the style of living and housekeeping ; but he did not know that matters had reached such a point . , sweet girl you are at present , and i have great hopes that heaven will reward you by giving you emmanuel for a husband . ” , ” cried aramis and porthos , with one voice . mercédès , stopping when she had reached the centre of the table , “ sit , i pray you , on my right hand ; on my left i will place him who has ever been as a brother	65.8558349609375
to me , ” pointing with a soft and gentle smile to fernand ; but her words and look seemed to inflict the <unk> torture on him , for his lips became ghastly pale , and even beneath the dark hue of his complexion the blood might be seen retreating as though some sudden pang drove it back to the heart . is too late ; early this morning the telegraph was employed , and at this very <unk> ” it was the hat and cloak belonging to monsieur de gondy ’ s coachman . a fresh billet from milady . and blancmesnil to the people and had therefore nothing to fear , since the people had nothing more just then to ask for . , what has	96.1830062866211
she to do with all this ? ” : be he ever so cunning he shall never say i was his dupe . them in that sonorous language in which homer makes his gods converse . in the name of the interest with which i inspire you , in the name of the service you have rendered me and which i never shall forget while i have life . , and life and energy returned . , i learned that you , the widow of m. de nargonne , had married m. danglars . in attractions . replied mordaunt . right , my dear rochefort , it couldn ’ t be for that ; but you will probably learn the reason soon . ” the jetty was deserted	72.7166976928711
, as he approached it ; but he had no sooner landed than he heard a noise of horses galloping upon the paved road . , the reason why i begged you to alter the order of the questions . ” looking forward to be captain , it was wrong to annoy the owner . ” . different hand from the rest , which showed that it had been added since his confinement . ” the cardinal ’ s men , a cousin of rochefort ! . the barriere des sergens , the sentinel cried out , “ who ’ s there ? ” and d ’ artagnan <unk> first asked the word of the cardinal— “ louis and <unk> ” after which he inquired if lieutenant comminges	69.58220672607422
were not the commanding officer at the outpost . at châlons , where the count ’ s steamboat waited for them . cavalier , ’ said the priest , ‘ if you will be content with the remains of my supper and with half my chamber . ’ presence of witnesses ! ! ” ? ’ asked his wife , pale as death . porthos , sobbing , “ i believe i ’ m crying ; but how foolish all this is ! ” ” asked albert eagerly , “ have you found the desired cart and oxen ? ” promise that he would not make the least attempt to raise the bandage . mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works , by using or distributing	46.38154602050781
this work ( or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” ) , you agree to comply with all the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license . ” matter , and we will not discuss it here ; let us speak of nothing till we get home . have them ? ” ” said the king , seizing the bishop ’ s two hands in his own , “ promise that you will pray all your life for this gentleman and for the other that you hear beneath your feet , and for two others also , who , wherever they may be , are on the watch for my safety .	29.42336082458496
” ” herblay , ” said athos , “ dismount and come here . ” . ” father , ” said albert— “ m . i understand , ” said mazarin ; “ want of fortune , perhaps . friends are detained at the siege of la rochelle . ” darkness , silent as phantoms ; they saw a light <unk> in the midst of some trees . with the promptness characteristic of the bourgeois whenever they are moved by any sentiment whatever to disguise themselves as soldiers . a gascon , the other from picardy ; both are easily excited , but they quiet down immediately . army had attempted a sortie , more to assure itself and others of its actual existence than with any more	81.56378173828125
serious intention . ” replied d ’ artagnan , with embarrassment . window , as is customary on days of ceremony , he saw only a gray mass , which was veiled also by a cloud , which at that moment obscured the moon ’ s feeble light . ? ” give you a letter of introduction to him . ’ reasons for not abandoning this part of his vestments , for instead of quitting his hold on the <unk> in his hand , he pulled it toward him , so that d ’ artagnan rolled himself up in the velvet by a movement of <unk> explained by the <unk> of porthos . sailor , as may well be supposed , awakened in him a world of recollections	66.69773864746094
, as had the name of the count of monte cristo on the previous evening . seeking for me in paris , i would take , without sound of drum or trumpet , the road to picardy , and would go and make some inquiries concerning my three companions . ” answered d ’ artagnan , with a smile almost as crafty as the cardinal ’ s , “ they beat them when they draw their swords . ” , ” she said ; “ do not think it will be less dear to us now we are acquainted with our benefactor ! ” , say to d ’ artagnan that i love him as a son , and embrace him for me . that morning an invitation	39.1192626953125
from the celebrated roman banker . driven a bargain when it was to equip a cavalier like you . ” arrested , had me conducted hither , and placed me under your guard . o ’ clock striking at greenwich . ” , and she was charming , winning the good superior by her varied conversation and by the graces of her whole personality . is his name ? ” you ’ ll be shut up again in the bastile . ” and one <unk> ” andrea sketched two windows in the room , which formed an angle on the plan , and appeared as a small square added to the rectangle of the bedroom . ” unhesitatingly repeated debray . myself at once a prisoner with athos	89.55474853515625
, who is already arrested , and with d ’ artagnan , who most probably will be . ” them all , from the first to the last ? ” said athos . , i had so much the habit of calling them by <unk> that i have forgotten their real ones . ” office is located at 809 north 1500 west , salt lake city , ut 84116 , ( 801 ) 596-1887 . suit me , as you know , aramis . ” , and that she had freed her from that prison ; and the letter he had received from the young woman , and her passage along the road of chaillot like an apparition , were now explained . voice , the tone of	61.284454345703125
which was at once polished and jeering , “ this is nothing but a butchery of horses and not a combat between men . have they ? ” man ’ s eyes were fixed on the door , and did not quit it . them <unk> . i am better informed than you ; his name is zaccone . ” that makes no difference . unfortunate , but it is not your fault , thank god ! it , porthos , ” said aramis . you , for example , that your father had no hand whatever in the defeat and death of the vizier ; or if by chance he had , indeed , the misfortune to—— ” , your honor remained here , far from the	45.221214294433594
city , tranquil and inactive . ” told me two cavaliers of the parisian army were seeking me and named the comte de la fere . ” prepare a light supper , of which you , athos and aramis , are not to <unk> , because i told him you had a fever ; aramis , because you are a knight of malta and won ’ t mix with fellows like us . for all i ’ ve had since yesterday was a slice of bread and butter , with preserves on it . and glided noiselessly up to the queen to listen . their walk , mazarin taking the middle alley and the friends the side ones . pray over her grave . ” with its wings	92.48991394042969
opened towards the wind , gliding on the water . pen ! ” said the doctor . we lived in the little village of rogliano , at the extremity of cap <unk> . it would tempt me were i any other man , ” rejoined aramis ; “ but i repeat , i am made up of contradictions . sometimes sufficient to <unk> a great design . <unk> surgeon ! ” said caderousse . . reach the nearest <unk> , unite our little resources , hire a vessel and return to france . , a rope ladder , but a ball of silk cord , with a narrow board which was to pass between the legs , the ball to <unk> itself by the weight of the person	73.66344451904297
who sat astride upon the board . carlini . away with horror , and waited , with the dew of fear upon my brow . will remember , to be here on the fifth . ” carlini ! ’ cried the brigands ; ‘ that is acting like a good fellow ; ’ and they all formed a circle round the fire , while diavolaccio disappeared . evening meals are brought , ” thought he , “ i will cast them out of the window , and they will think that i have eaten them . ” removed into another chamber ; but the eyes of the young man were accustomed to the night . monte cristo , “ with your post-horses going at the rate of two	58.51329040527344
leagues an hour , and that absurd law that one traveller shall not pass another without permission , so that an invalid or <unk> traveller may detain those who are well and active , it is impossible to move ; i escape this annoyance by travelling with my own postilion and horses ; do i not , ali ? ” , ” cried the abbé . vulgar companion in these new adventures ; he was a man of uncommonly sound sense . appeared the first gentleman of his kingdom . of it as that we two are christians . ” wish to ask your advice , ” said madame danglars with anxious expectation . soft voice which sounded at the foot of her bed . , as i	100.8927001953125
have just heard ? ” that confines him to his bed ? ” a clever fellow , ” murmured athos . boat ? ” and our only regret is to die so far from both of you . ” hour at the cemetery ; the weather was mild , but dull , and in harmony with the funeral ceremony . heart of a father or a mother can not be made to understand . they fled together into <unk> , and there he obtained a little curacy . violence , ” said louise . it ! such bottles ; they are no <unk> than cologne flasks . go to greenwich and ask for the captain of the felucca lightning . that ? ” monsieur , ” replied villefort	75.83065795898438
, “ and i am now going to examine him . ” . all that for me ! that ? men , disguised as a penitent friar , and i will give it to him . her son ’ s arm and leaving the house . was buried alive ? ” , ” resumed mazarin , “ that it is in a double envelope . ” deal , it seems to me. ” and he sat down in the hall , choosing a conspicuous place . , ” said the footman , on hearing the names which the queen had so often pronounced with hope , “ in that case it is another thing , and i think her majesty will pardon me for not keeping you here	37.33423614501953
a moment . ; under your auspices i will receive any person you please , but you must not expect me to be too confiding . jacopo ’ s boat came on board the yacht to assist in <unk> it , and he gave orders that she should be steered direct to marseilles . said morrel ; “ i will take you to my sister , who is worthy also to be yours . he exclaimed ; “ they have left me my purse and pocket-book . , ” replied athos , becoming almost livid ; “ that is my grand story of the fair lady , and when i relate that , i must be very drunk . ” and found a key ; and , understanding	53.528099060058594
that was what he wanted , again watched his eyes , which turned toward an old secretaire which had been neglected for many years and was supposed to contain nothing but useless documents . brief council held among them , that julie should write to her brother , who was in garrison at nîmes , to come to them as speedily as possible . dear du vallon , it is a great honor for the comte de la fere , and gives good reason to hope . to him who was the best jailer in all the prisons in france . for this key which she always kept , and which was only taken from her in childhood as a punishment ? winner ? ” ” said athos	69.7988052368164
, “ that i saw milady last night . ” that the stones were not cemented , but had been merely placed one upon the other , and covered with stucco ; he inserted the point of his pickaxe , and using the handle as a lever , with joy soon saw the stone turn as if on hinges , and fall at his feet . marseilles , ’ said dantès , —for you understand , i repeat his words just as he uttered them . ought never to name the persons who answer my questions , ” answered the child , “ for if i do i shall learn nothing further . ” , of the deplorable condition of my husband ’ s father ? ” but	76.07410430908203
twenty years old ! ” of very <unk> mien , with a pointed nose , with yellow and salient cheek bones , with eyes small but keen and penetrating , and an expression of countenance resembling at once the <unk> and the fox . your invitations ? ” what you mean , ” he said ; “ you refer to the terrible <unk> spread abroad in the world , that the deaths which have kept me in mourning for the last three months , and from which valentine has only escaped by a miracle , have not happened by natural means . ” little island i have often heard spoken of by the old sailors my father <unk> grain of sand in the centre of the mediterranean ,	78.19422149658203
an atom in the infinite . ” ? ” said he , after this embarrassing silence . service . madame ? —m . ” having it twice repeated , of the accurate address , and set off at a run . repent of their ingratitude . ” promise . made a step forward , remembering that at the moment he entered milady had a rope in her hand . ; ” and the major gave a letter into the young man ’ s hand . of indifference to me , ” said aramis ; “ i came here only to meet de chatillon ; i have met him , i am contented ; ’ tis something to have met de chatillon in a duel ! ” of this	59.14337921142578
. ? ” asked he , after a moment of silence . beauchamp ; “ the absurd reports have died away , and should they be renewed , i would be the first to oppose them ; so let us speak no more of it . ” , sir , ” said raoul , “ respect royalty and ever serve the king . , the parisians arose with joy ; at that period a te deum was a grand affair ; this kind of ceremony had not then been abused and it produced a great effect . with bare sword was <unk> the musketeers behind the king and opposite the benches . wretched house had presented the gloomy appearance of a <unk> infected with the plague . know	79.1697998046875
what connection there can possibly be between your sickly <unk> and the affairs of the state ! ” athos , “ this is not a moment for recrimination , but a time to show yourself a king and a gentleman . ? ” ” my lord , ” said d ’ artagnan . chateau had taken raoul back fifty leagues <unk> and had caused him to review his life from the moment when he had taken leave of little louise to that in which he had seen her for the first time ; and every branch of oak , every gilded weathercock on roof of <unk> , reminded him that , instead of returning to the friends of his childhood , every instant <unk> him further and that	58.411930084228516
perhaps he had even left them forever . , fell from the clouds , i suppose ? ” tormented by fear , he was more often in need of counsel and information , and he was therefore sufficiently accessible . , which was near him , and hoped that with wine , bread , and cheese , he might make a dinner ; but wine was wanting , the bottle was empty . and grimaud the friends succeeded in turning the stone over . the more readily , since we have them not here ; you know they are buried in the garden of the little house in the allées de meilhan , at marseilles . earth over a surface of more than twenty feet square , and	82.24152374267578
a depth of two feet . remaining , ” he said . pain this marriage of his elder brother with a <unk> girl . warn you , will soon send you to an executioner who will make both your shoulders alike . ” that same morning it was well known that he leaned much to the side of the fronde ; and mazarin , in requesting the archbishop of paris to make his nephew preach , had evidently had the intention of administering to monsieur de retz one of those italian kicks he so much enjoyed giving . ” cried the calm voice of athos , from the other side of the door , “ let them just come in , these <unk> of little children , and	79.16236114501953
we shall see ! ” , he had apprised the count , by a note , of your intention , and , the count being absent , i read the note and sat up to await you . ” ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but the man who has abducted <unk> you know him ? ” bethune ! ” murmured the young monk , <unk> back and showing on his countenance the feeling of repugnance which his penitent inspired . secrets will remain in the family . ” , i shall be obliged to fetch a second grimaud ! ” him rather than let him go . ” , and formed round the <unk> and lanterns of the jetty a circle like that which <unk> the	45.003265380859375
moon when the weather threatens to become <unk> . the shipowner , turning towards the young man , “ come this way ! ” , examined these treasures , edmond rushed through the caverns like a man seized with frenzy ; he leaped on a rock , from whence he could behold the sea . d ’ artagnan ; “ it will make a little change . ” morrel , “ i understand it all , and this scene was premeditated . ” king ’ s cabinet boldly , and found his majesty in a very ill humor , seated on an armchair , beating his boot with the handle of his whip . that had left in the morning , and the tartan that had just set	51.17965316772461
sail , that edmond fixed his eyes . partially obscured by heavy clouds , now and then lit up the muskets of the sentinels , or silvered the walls , the roofs , and the <unk> of the town that charles i. had just surrendered to the parliamentary troops , whilst oxford and <unk> still held out for him in the hopes of coming to some arrangement . months more in which to await and mourn for edmond . ” of the great man ! ” cried bonacieux . his melancholy ride , murmuring between his mustaches , “ these four men must positively be mine . ” ” said maximilian ; “ i came expressly to wish them farewell . ” reasons . ” the surface of	94.920166015625
the sea and groslow and his three sailors were consumed . he , “ and i have some questions sufficiently serious to put to you . of monte cristo , and gathered a bunch of muscatel grapes . you say ? ” agreement with the navy , that the access to my island shall be free of all charge . the ceremony , and madame de villefort had also written to beg the count to excuse her not inviting him ; the death of m. de saint-méran and the dangerous illness of his widow would cast a gloom over the meeting which she would regret should be shared by the count whom she wished every happiness . . door , enveloped in his cloak , with his hat	74.17237091064453
pulled down over his eyes . that in a tone that frightens me ! ” of the bed ; from shoulder to elbow it was moulded after the arms of germain pillon ’ s “ graces , ” 23 but the <unk> seemed to be slightly distorted by convulsion , and the hand , so delicately formed , was resting with stiff outstretched fingers on the framework of the bed . <unk> . ” the cardinal , pensively gazing at the two friends with lively admiration ; “ i should have cried , i should . ” said d ’ artagnan , endeavoring to resume his course , “ excuse me , but i am in a hurry . ” at the dinner given by his master ,	56.23809814453125
and saw him take out a handful of gold to pay for it , he believed his fortune made , and returned thanks to heaven for having thrown him into the service of such a crœsus . personages a strange silence , during which the sound of a slow and regular step was heard approaching . s passed like ice through her veins . true ; but <unk> is another thing ; i believe she is detained in france by some love affair . ” drove , disguised as the coachman , ” replied peppino . recesses of the earth , and are dazzled at the sight of so much riches . bayard cost me each about two hundred pistoles , and putting phoebus at a hundred and	84.4964828491211
fifty , we should be pretty near the amount . ” to defend him ? ” uneasiness , ” he said . you , after all , unconsciously in love with mademoiselle eugénie ? ” cry of france , ‘ <unk> and st. denis ! ’ the war cry of england is too often in the mouths of traitors . ” and made a movement to rush after d ’ artagnan . certainly , ” said the count ; “ uniform , cross , <unk> . ” it , sir ? ” of me who can only atone for evil by doing good ? ” up sails , and on the deck was captain gaumard giving orders , and good old penelon making signals to m. morrel .	70.56424713134766
, ” said porthos . ” replied raoul . ! ” cried porthos , “ this butcher of unarmed farmers ! ” the proposition is tempting , but at present it is impossible to accept it . ” the count inquired after m. de villefort . opinion , sir , and we should soon make an end of mazarin if we had only a dozen officers like yourself , without prejudices , vigilant and <unk> . ” pass , ” he said ; “ they are friends of the duc de beaufort . ” can have led to the quarrel between danglars and debray ? , do not serve as a conductor between that man and me . <unk> gifts would gladly have poured out their thanks to	49.58536911010742
their generous benefactor , but they had seen him , upon quitting the hut , merely give some orders to a sailor , and then springing lightly on horseback , leave marseilles by the porte d ’ aix . the pains of actual being with the joys of the assumed existence , that you would desire to live no longer , but to dream thus forever . on account of the ostentatious luxury of his wife , whose house was hung with red velvet edged with gold fringe . talk of it until tomorrow ; but read this paper today . ” —that is quite another thing ! once more and saw caderousse sitting by the side of a long table upon one of the low wooden stools	129.16371154785156
which in country places are frequently used instead of chairs ; his back was turned towards me , so that i could not see the expression of his <unk> should i have been able to do so had he been placed differently , as his head was buried between his two hands . scene of his painful recollections , they both accompanied him downstairs , reiterating their hope that he would come again whenever he pleased , and assuring him that their poor dwelling would ever be open to him . murmured the journalist ; “ on the <unk> ” by his side . ” an <unk> income of 50,000 livres will enable you to support it admirably . the interior of the inn and the apparent poverty	103.43828582763672
of the persons who were about to sell him a diamond that seemed to have come from the casket of a prince . a vain menace ; for the <unk> sailor in the mediterranean would have been unable to overtake the little tartan , that with every <unk> of canvas set was flying before the wind to leghorn . examined , and when it was discovered by his <unk> hat and his laced coat , that he was an officer of the musketeers , he was surrounded , with the intention of making him cry , “ down with mazarin ! ” the demonstration did not fail to make him uneasy at first ; but when he discovered what it meant , he shouted it in such a	60.30156707763672
voice that even the most exacting were satisfied . voice , whose mournful accents , reaching the four friends , seemed to proceed from some phantom of the ocean . thoroughly good fellow , and will detain you no longer . us go . ” ” said andrea , “ how <unk> you are ! left the house . ” ; this was a good omen for morrel , for he knew that nothing but happiness could have the power of thus overcoming valentine . project gutenberg™ he ; “ it was time , ” —and he sealed his will with three seals . ? ” asked monte cristo with an emotion he in vain endeavored to dissimulate . that these are <unk> symptoms of insanity . ”	52.508907318115234
shoulder of his favorite selim , and he drove us all before him , as a shepherd would his <unk> flock . the clock was striking twelve . and the other <unk> recoiled before this unexpected rescue , which seemed to come from heaven for the prince they already thought was their prisoner , athos and aramis dragged the king from the perjured assembly into which he had so imprudently ventured , and throwing themselves on horseback all three returned at full gallop to the royal tent . orders , ” said mazarin , taking a piece of paper and writing some lines ; “ monsieur du vallon , your barony is on the back of the duc de beaufort ’ s horse ; you have nothing to	74.18641662597656
do but to overtake it . ” clerks that used to fill the deserted corridor and the empty office , but two remained . to escape , the penalty of death is to be applied . , my friend ; for in losing him you would lose your barony , which you have in your grasp , to say nothing of the fact that , were he once out of this , mazarin would have you hanged . ” he , “ kill this fellow for me with a single blow . ” search paris and especially inquire of planchet if he has yet heard from his former master . ” milady . friend . preparations for the execution . friend in the world who will aid me	76.23755645751953
either to live or to die ? ” wind blew upon his cloak . ” beg you , madame , to write at the bottom of this <unk> , which has been drawn up by mazarin , as you see : ’ s reply , aramis seemed about to draw his sword , when athos prevented him . three others had endeavored to knock the young man down with chairs , stools , and <unk> ; but two or three scratches made by the gascon ’ s blade terrified them . with abundance of prayers offered up by the monks . i could adore madame de villefort . ” is struggling in the convulsions of death , a vulture is flying by ( there are a good many	72.45050811767578
vultures in adelmonte ’ s country ) ; this bird darts on the dead fowl , and carries it away to a rock , where it dines off its prey . her , took the duke by the hand , and after a few <unk> steps , grasped a balustrade , put her foot upon the bottom step , and began to ascend the staircase . let us all fly , ” said athos , “ and leave nobody here but planchet to bring us news . ” some trifle of 20,000 francs , which you have been saved out of your travelling expenses , so that there is not much of a score between us ; —but you must really permit me to congratulate you on the	79.8922348022461
ease and unconcern with which you resigned yourself to your fate , and the perfect indifference you manifested as to the turn events might take . ” and try to make barrois drink the rest of this glass of ether and water . him . , and carrying away four swords out of five , they took their road , intoxicated with joy , toward the hôtel of m. de tréville . since we have had a skirmish with the guards of monsieur the cardinal ; monsieur de tréville must think us dead . ” noirtier , with an expression the more terrible , from all his faculties being centred in his glance . said tréville , coldly , “ i have some pretty things to tell your	78.985107421875
majesty concerning these gownsmen . ” , i am not mistaken , and have cause to say , ‘ spare my son ! ’ ” ; the company clapped their hands . what you have in your hand , ’ said selim . cried d ’ artagnan , enlightened by a sudden idea , “ my lord ! alone with m. de villefort ? ” villefort , “ we will not entertain you any longer with our family misfortunes . said he . on gaily , then , ” said porthos . , madame , ” replied the count . foot upon the hatchway steps the ship opened like the crater of a volcano . and heard her . that i may not lose a drop of the	36.975215911865234
fat of this estimable bird . ” at the door , while the eyes of the personage we have just described were fixed upon him , and appeared to wish to penetrate even into the depths of the past . , opened it , and found valentine stretched out at the bottom of the stairs . cried he , laughing , “ i quite despair of my poor michon ; she will never write like monsieur de voiture . ” now , ” said villefort , addressing her , “ that i were a doctor instead of a lawyer . the king . ” he said . ? ” inquired the innkeeper . they make a night ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , drawing more pistoles from	32.17411804199219
his pocket . ” said valentine ; “ i entreat you . ” richelieu and louis xiii . ” said the young man , “ yes ; ” and once again embracing his father with convulsive pressure , he said , “ be it so , my father . ” <unk> <unk> “ so be it . ” monte cristo ; “ mercédès ! villefort , “ alas , doctor , how often has man ’ s justice been deceived by those fatal words . . ” he ; “ and the ridicule will fall on me . , so perfect , that they surpass by far all i have known in the leading aristocracy of the three <unk> <unk> of <unk> english , the spanish , and	51.35587692260742
the german . ” very difficult even to make him see that he was dying of hunger ; he has gone on his road as inexorable as fate and we must seek him somewhere else . ” them , sire ? said the abbé , “ that i was the secretary and intimate friend of cardinal spada , the last of the princes of that name . a right line . will you not ? a spring . ” can catch him ? ” , ” replied caderousse ; “ though once , i confess , i envied him his good fortune . put on my best coat , and presenting myself at the great gate , introduce myself . make my teeth chatter and seem to <unk>	79.32601928710938
my bones , begin to pervade my whole frame ; in five minutes the malady will reach its height , and in a quarter of an hour there will be nothing left of me but a corpse . ” ambitious , and to attain this ambition villefort would sacrifice everything , even his father . ” he had desired his guest to be shown , with the purpose of overwhelming him at the sight of so much luxury . on the performances , to the infinite satisfaction of the viscount of morcerf , who seized his hat , rapidly passed his fingers through his hair , arranged his cravat and wristbands , and signified to franz that he was waiting for him to lead the way . to	65.58914184570312
this honest fellow , ” replied raoul , taking a pistole from his pocket . . ” person to whom this letter was addressed , and to whom i desired to prove that luigi vampa was a man of his word . —the _pharaon_ ! me there one day with you . ” was in his element , and with his black face and sparkling eyes appeared , in the cloud of dust he raised , like the genius of the <unk> and the god of the hurricane . small piece of paper , on which were written these <unk> ‘ from lord ruthven to countess g—— . ’ ” menacing . ’ cried all the brigands , when they saw the chief . heaven , ” said	46.65937042236328
maximilian , “ if you know anything of him , tell us what it is . ” ! be a demon ! ” said porthos , holding out his plate to aramis , who was cutting up a fowl . , my dear <unk> horses ? ” he said , “ but can ’ t we have post-horses ? ” the latter , with a firmness which seemed to declare that with the help of valentine and his old servant , who both knew what his wishes were , he was quite prepared to maintain the contest . the entrance , darted through it , carefully drawing the stone over the opening , and hurried to his cell . rose , and threw herself into her son ’	37.155853271484375
s arms . , ” said aramis , with his peculiar <unk> politeness , “ the error of the person who was with you when we met you in the guardroom ; for if the comte de la fere and i are not mistaken , we saw you in the company of a third gentleman . ” longer any doubt ; all was <unk> had consummated the last terrible work she had to accomplish . himself in making figures , with his watch by his side . be playing some game or other . ” athos . forsooth , to distribute his authority on this occasion . ” , stupefied to find him so almost <unk> calm . blaisois , “ i can ? ? —that , thanks	53.938072204589844
to my pretended ignorance , there is none of your friends , from m. de villefort to m. debray , who has not trembled before me . we are all right as regards the executioner , ” said athos ; “ but unfortunately every executioner has his assistant , his man , or whatever you call him . ” hand on the young girl ’ s arm , drew the velvet coverlet close to her throat , and said with a paternal smile : sir , and that is what i like best , ” said the man , smiling . ; it is possible that the influence of the place , the charm of the beautiful evening , the fascination of your <unk> thousand circumstances , in	44.491477966308594
short , which sometimes unite to destroy a <unk> grouped around me on that fatal evening ; but , my lord , you saw the queen come to the aid of the woman who faltered . my father , a loyal gentleman . ” letter from your friend , which states that my father is in paris , and <unk> me to address myself to you for information respecting him . ” it is ; say no more about it . ” return to paris , athos to take measures <unk> to an interview with the queen . and passed the upper part of her body through the window . to mazarin the handsomest room in the chateau . to us in africa , who have not always	47.582096099853516
any food to eat , and rarely anything to drink . ” ” appear to suspect that there could be the slightest connection between lucien ’ s visit and the curiosity of the baroness . athos , “ our resolution is irrevocable . ” franz , who lay wrapped in his cloak at the bottom of the boat , “ why do not those who have been plundered complain to the french , <unk> , or tuscan governments ? ” can take out two or three boards of the partition , ” answered blaisois , “ and make a hole in the cask with a gimlet . ” had descended from the sky and mingled in a wild dance on the face of the earth ; the whole	60.46107482910156
accompanied by cries that were never heard in any other part of the world . assemblage of guests under a battery of curious glances towards madame de morcerf , who , standing before a mantle-piece ornamented with flowers , had seen his entrance in a looking-glass placed opposite the door , and was prepared to receive him . , sir , and since you have such a man in your service , make him useful . ” ? ” exclaimed the commissary . bent upon ruining himself as fast as he can , actually sent his steward to me to purchase them at any cost ; and the fact is , i have gained <unk> francs by the sale of them . the abbé ; “ noirtier !	59.956703186035156
—i knew a person of that name at the court of the queen of <unk> , —a noirtier , who had been a girondin during the revolution ! forty-eight leagues in eight hours ? ” that i request you to follow me , but for my security . am lost , ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” replied athos , in his gentle but decided voice , “ we came here to defend king charles ; we have but ill defended him—it remains for us to save him ! ” the family of the celebrated <unk> , the friend of henry iv . ” come later , when we shall be better known to each other . raised his shirt and looked complacently on his strong	57.46919250488281
arm , as large as the leg of any ordinary man . in that room ; when the wind shook all the doors , behind which i continually expected to see some spy concealed , i trembled . was withdrawn the captain took his place at the <unk> and made a sign to one of the sailors , who , <unk> in hand , began to push out from the labyrinth of boats in which they were involved . but not one from cardinal mazarin . ” dantès did not now think of his dinner , but he insisted that his comrades , who had not his reasons for fasting , should have their meal . he ? ” , and no wonder . bouillon , he had	74.8538818359375
such a fit of gout as obliged him to return to paris in a litter ; but his place was well filled by the duc d ’ elbeuf and his four sons , ranged around him like a staff . dear d ’ artagnan , ” said the figure , “ ’ tis not the devil , ’ tis aramis ; gallop fast , planchet , and when you come to the end of the village turn swiftly to the left . ” the service you have rendered me in being my seconds . ” said the king . , on which were paper , pens and ink , she hastily began to write . not long . visit paid him , monte cristo had , from behind	55.0071907043457
the blinds of his pavilion , as minutely observed the baron , by means of an excellent lorgnette , as danglars himself had scrutinized the house , garden , and servants . ” exclaimed caderousse ; and , not knowing how this strange apparition could have entered when he had bolted the doors , he let fall his bunch of keys , and remained motionless and stupefied . , for it was he , leveled his pistol at winter ; it went off and the ball entered the heart of the old cavalier , who with one bound on his saddle fell back into the arms of athos , murmuring : “ he is avenged ! ” called away just now ? ” asked mademoiselle de saint-méran ,	78.2957763671875
with an air of deep interest . genius of both of us . milady . said he to d ’ artagnan , “ a suggestion . ” a future more gloomy <unk> frightful , perhaps sanguinary ! ” continued on their way and athos and aramis dismounted . ” said albert , advancing to meet him , “ permit me to repeat the poor thanks i offered last night , and to assure you that the remembrance of all i owe to you will never be effaced from my memory ; believe me , as long as i live , i shall never cease to dwell with grateful recollection on the prompt and important service you rendered me ; and also to remember that to you i am	56.864830017089844
indebted even for my life . ” in thought , they had <unk> their oars and <unk> sail ; the boat was now moving with the wind . hour . ” ” said monte cristo ; “ it is only half-past ten o ’ clock , come in . ” the duke , “ she has her reasons . ” replied albert ; “ that is all i wished to know . ” artagnan in astonishment . . ” companion , d ’ artagnan , ” said he ; “ your never-failing cheerfulness <unk> poor souls in affliction . ! on this occasion , if only to be faithful to our oath , ” said aramis . pretended to despise the populace ; but he turned visibly pale	37.145233154296875
and ran to his closet , trembling all over , locked up his gold and jewels in his caskets and put his finest diamonds on his fingers . the seal of which i am not to break till i reach london ; but since you tell me to whom it is addressed , ’ tis useless to wait till then . ” and charged with a commission for which i beg of you to accept my excuses . ” hair stood on end and drops of sweat ran down his brow . said , “ your receipt is money . ” listened , and she heard nothing . than to act with candor . flattering to the feelings of the rabbits into whose heads he has thrust pins	63.14790725708008
, to the fowls whose bones he has dyed red , and to the dogs whose spinal marrow he has <unk> out ? ” less than nothing , ” said aramis ; “ a charming little seamstress , whom i love dearly and from whose hand i requested a few lines as a sort of <unk> . ” about it yet , madame , ” answered d ’ artagnan , with that gascon effrontery which had in him the appearance of <unk> ; “ but if we four had resolved upon it we should do it most certainly . ” reports <unk> , was no longer to be had ; and to meet the one hundred thousand francs due on the 15th of the present month , and	91.43112182617188
the one hundred thousand francs due on the 15th of the next month to m. de boville , m. morrel had , in reality , no hope but the return of the _pharaon_ , of whose departure he had learnt from a vessel which had weighed anchor at the same time , and which had already arrived in harbor . ” she exclaimed , rising ; “ oh , yes ! true . heaven and clasped his hands beneath the coverlet . , then ? ” on her lips . countess perceived franz , and graciously waved her hand to him , to which he replied by a respectful inclination of the head . fall into my hands again , ” he reflected , “ i would turn	43.53404998779297
it at once into money ; i would buy with the proceeds certain lands around my father ’ s chateau , which is a pretty place , well enough , but with no land to it at all , except a garden about the size of the cemetery des <unk> ; and i should wait in all my glory till some rich heiress , attracted by my good looks , rode along to marry me . for the first expenses of your settling in paris . ” 5th of february ; she ought to have been here a month ago . ” ” ” said cromwell , “ i promise , as far as lies in my power , to grant your request ; proceed . ” ”	87.25841522216797
said the queen , moved even to tears , “ this is the first time for five years i have felt the least approach to joy or hope . and pointed to two persons grouped at the foot of a tree . excite suspicion , sir ? ” asked the queen . ” replied the coachman . s true ! into a broken down old man , with <unk> nose and eyes that <unk> ; we shall find him extended on some lawn , whence he will look at us with a languid eye and <unk> will not recognize us . aramis , “ what do you say to that ? ” to the sailors . ; and be in readiness on the stairs to conduct us to	43.85401916503906
it . ” and casting a glance at the cover , read : terrible if taken literally , were received by the other workmen with a roar of laughter . have acquired glory , and were enabled to carry on a conversation of the highest importance . ” a tree , and the scotchman having nowhere to hide himself , threw himself on his face in the road . , his eyes immediately fell upon the <unk> , and he read : see . , and reflected . questions inspire less mistrust than masters , and meet with more sympathy among those to whom they address themselves . looked around him . <unk> fat ! but nothing compared to the first ; at the end of a week	77.08268737792969
he wrote as well with this pen as with the stylus . on carlini ’ s part ; but to their great surprise , he took a glass in one hand and a flask in the other , and filling it , — was not hasty . and <unk> louis , ” said peppino ; “ you have paid two louis in advance . ” after the taking of the city . ” that to be the case , ” said cavalcanti . delay me , and i need the fatigue you warn me of ; it will do me good . ” to crush him , and yet he had not done so . bonacieux , “ i deceive your eminence ! ” the queen to the	45.71124267578125
superior , and i bring back the dear treasure i go to <unk> into lorraine , not into belgium , but to paris , where she will be much better concealed , particularly while the cardinal is at la rochelle . is to discover the truth ; and unless a man be endowed with that admirable instinct which causes louis xiii . the silence and the solemnity demanded by the occasion , laughter and jests arose from the crowd . ” resumed faria with a bitter smile , “ let me answer your question in full , by acknowledging that i am the poor mad prisoner of the château d ’ if , for many years permitted to amuse the different visitors with what is said to be	117.83431243896484
my insanity ; and , in all probability , i should be promoted to the honor of making sport for the children , if such innocent beings could be found in an abode devoted like this to suffering and despair . ” ! ” and both set off towards the capital at full gallop . emmanuel , who never studied , and a <unk> for julie , who never played . could not arrive in time to cross the ferry with the travelers , halted to wait for olivain . the englishman as if he were slow of comprehension . the amount . ” you before others , ” said he in a low tone , “ the reason of my parting with the horses ; but a	57.15813064575195
most enormous price was offered me this morning for them . drink ? ” , for there could be no deception in the expression of that voice ; it was a friend who spoke thus . the duke . , a good sleeper . ” said the duke , <unk> in his pocket . the moment in rather ill-humor , nevertheless he saluted the young man politely , who bowed to the very ground ; and he smiled on receiving d ’ artagnan ’ s response , the béarnese accent of which recalled to him at the same time his youth and his <unk> double remembrance which makes a man smile at all ages ; but stepping toward the antechamber and making a sign to d ’ artagnan	56.14533615112305
with his hand , as if to ask his permission to finish with others before he began with him , he called three times , with a louder voice at each time , so that he ran through the <unk> tones between the imperative accent and the angry accent . met barrois , and looked despairingly at the old servant . the gate of a beautiful park . madame de villefort , with an intonation of voice which it is impossible to describe ; “ is it not <unk> unjust ? valentine in a mournful tone , “ do let me see this man , maximilian ; he may tell me whether i shall ever be loved sufficiently to make amends for all i have suffered . ”	50.68996047973633
” monte cristo took a paper from his pocket , upon which were drawn three signs , with numbers to indicate the order in which they were to be worked . , in the hopes of discovering a door , but everywhere the walls returned a full and flat sound . number , ’ ” continued the abbé , without seeming to notice the emotion of caderousse , “ ‘ is called danglars ; and the third , in spite of being my rival , entertained a very sincere affection for me . ’ ” midst of them , his hat on his head , his brows bent , striking his boot with his riding whip . it to the vote , when the president resumed : ‘	69.4637222290039
gentlemen and you , monsieur , —you will not be displeased , i presume , to listen to one who calls himself a very important witness , and who has just presented himself . ” answered the old marchioness , without preface and without expression ; she appeared to be stupefied . abbé ! ” murmured he , clenching his fists , and his teeth <unk> . it cried . ” cried d ’ artagnan . sir , should any harm befall me , your name will be the last name that i shall utter , the remembrance of you my last thought . ” said the marshal , “ what am i to do ? ” , is <unk> , but you have only to search for	47.004432678222656
yourself and you will find , alas , but too many objects upon whom to exercise your benevolence . ” table and wrote a little note which he sealed with a ring , and gave the billet to kitty . raoul bowed , and d ’ artagnan and planchet set out . ” said the count ; “ adieu , my dearest boy ! ” moment of being ordained , a little difficulty <unk> that would not interest you , and i am taking up your valuable time . ” , d ’ artagnan ! ” it is to die , morrel , that we may appreciate the enjoyments of living . ” ” said kitty , clapping her hands , “ very willing . ” she give	51.5932731628418
you for this fine enterprise ? ” to the duke , however , he had presence of mind enough to exclaim : were no longer there . see . ” are , monsieur , ” she said in her naturally calm voice ; “ but how pale you are ! do you not go yourself ? aramis , “ this will reconcile me to him ; but i wish he were here that i might tell him that i did not believe him capable of so noble an act . ” bed , apparently , for the noise ceased . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ mousqueton has not caught these bottles with his lasso . ears of the cardinal and alarmed him greatly . milady ,	43.3112678527832
as if she could not resist giving utterance to a holy indignation , “ you , a pious man , you who are called a just man , you ask but one <unk> that is that you may not be <unk> , annoyed , by my death ! ” least attention to him , and entering the king ’ s room , followed by his companion : could attract a man on duty who wishes to have a deputy . with pleasure , if her majesty will permit me to depart . ” andrea , “ when may we hope for that pleasure ? ” ” replied madame danglars , “ he would require it as a proof . ” the antechamber of m. de tréville and the	44.68156433105469
guardroom of the louvre with the accounts of his love <unk> , after having passed from professional ladies to military ladies , from the lawyer ’ s dame to the baroness , there was question of nothing less with porthos than a foreign princess , who was enormously fond of him . a moment , and instead of pursuing him , let him go . ” ll answer for you , ” said the gascon , filling porthos ’ s glass to the brim ; “ but when you have drunk , give me your opinion . ” that the sovereign of the island of elba has maintained his relations with italy and france ? ” said d ’ artagnan , “ it appears that i was more	43.7568473815918
drunk than you , since i remember nothing of the kind . ” , eyebrows , and whiskers black ; blue frock-coat , buttoned up to the chin ; rosette of an officer of the legion of honor in his button-hole ; a hat with wide brim , and a cane . ” sprained my wrist , ’ said porthos . said . though it should come from the profoundest depth of my heart , that can express my gratitude . she , with an accent of disdain in unison with that which she had remarked in the voice of the young officer , “ i , sir ? to you . ” to say anything ; that would be to denounce herself . ” ? ” !	46.043540954589844
” said d ’ artagnan , whose purposes were in conflict with that order , “ that is not so easy , since i am on the point of falling , and my horse , too , through fatigue ; unless , indeed , you are disposed to offer me a supper and a bed in the neighborhood . ” you will have <unk> and all the rest . ” , athos ; one can hide nothing from you , ” answered d ’ artagnan . word . ” the occasion of veritable triumph . me of that , ” said monte cristo , with the first movement of anger he had betrayed ; “ i will make him suffer . ” them ! caderousse darted on his	36.356197357177734
wife keen , searching glances , but rapid as the lightning flash . to tell all . ” smiled porthos , with his sublime composure . , i am detained in paris by indispensable business . ” then , ” said athos . . ” post , and smiled sadly on us as we entered . madame . <unk> , and it was fright alone that had overcome teresa . . by the authorities that a celebrated coiner of bad money would arrive at my inn , with several of his companions , all disguised as guards or musketeers . know what you mean , ” replied felton , quietly , “ and i am ignorant of whom you are speaking , my lord . such <unk> rapidity	76.59307861328125
, that there was something in the conversation that seemed like the beginning of delirium . to slip away among the crowd , without even thanking the worthy priests who accompanied him . do not obey that i punish , and not those who , like you , <unk> too well . often , ” said danglars , drawing himself up ; “ he is a particular friend of mine . ” armilly , ” said the banker ; “ do you consider her no one ? ” then , turning to monte cristo , he said , “ prince cavalcanti is a charming young man , is he not ? my lord , that the duc de beaufort has contrived to escape from the chateau of vincennes	37.2979621887207
. ” danglars , while the perspiration started from the roots of his hair . , then , morrel ? ” asked château-renaud ; “ you do not propose anything . ” valet de chambre to retire , and to ali to follow to his study , where they conversed long and earnestly together . , striking a light hammer with a <unk> handle on a small gong . , leaving behind it a glittering stretch of foam . what is to keep me here . ” and an escort , and guard the prisoner with the greatest care . ” your account and mine , 100,000 francs . explain to you . ” the corridors through force of habit ; he threw aside his magisterial robe ,	51.2712516784668
not out of deference to etiquette , but because it was an unbearable burden , a veritable garb of <unk> , <unk> in torture . mil ... ” asked grimaud . the irritated president , “ you called yourself benedetto , declared yourself an orphan , and claimed corsica as your country . ” guest will be poisoned at the fifth remove , and die , at the end of eight or ten days , of pains in the intestines , sickness , or <unk> of the <unk> . tell you that in grief , as in life , there is always something to look forward to beyond ? the city was at an extremity ; but instead of adding , “ if your succor does not arrive	94.7857894897461
within fifteen days , we will surrender , ” it added , quite simply , “ if your succor comes not within fifteen days , we shall all be dead with hunger when it comes . ” hasten her marriage with franz . ” by the corsican benedetto , my comrade in the galleys at toulon , no . reserve your strength for the moment when the crash shall come . ” of surprise and the queen turned to him with a start of joy . deepest of his strategic meditations , the door opened , and rochefort returned . her terror joined her hands , —for she felt that the moment had arrived to ask for courage , —and began to pray , and while uttering little	92.45807647705078
more than incoherent words , she forgot that her white shoulders had no other covering than her long hair , and that the <unk> of her heart could be seen through the lace of her <unk> . will you accord him hospitality ? du vallon , shares my gratitude , for he was particularly hungry . ” s what puzzles me , ” replied danglars ; “ the news of the return of don carlos was brought by telegraph . ” because bonacieux ’ s reflections were all rose-colored . that i accept the place she offers me in her box . more reasonable ? ” five minutes ’ grace , we have only ten left . ” ” cried valentine , calling her step-mother , and running	86.66734313964844
upstairs to meet her ; “ come quick , quick ! —and bring your bottle of smelling-salts with you . ” ” replied villefort , affectionately ; “ when i say anyone , <unk> my urgency , —to anyone living i mean ? ” said athos . only see ! ” cried the novice ; “ we shall soon be well acquainted , almost friends . ! ” replied mazarin . of these people , ” said the young man , proudly , “ you have no right to insult me thus . ” them . ” , do you not ? <unk> , rather , you remember it ? talking to m. d ’ avrigny about the death of m. de saint-méran , and that no less	52.617759704589844
surprising , of the countess . the first , a taller clerk behind the second , a <unk> of a dozen years rising behind the third . advice i was about to give monsieur ; and where are we going , may i ask , without being too curious ? ” some have even loved me ; but i think that god has not pardoned me , for the memory of that execution pursues me constantly and every night i see that woman ’ s ghost rising before me . ” ” cried porthos . , everything can be attained , porthos , women and doors , by proceeding with gentleness . ” , a <unk> of the spanish wars , had recognized porthos , his old companion	86.94239044189453
, and very soon all those who served under him were placed in possession of startling facts concerning the honor of the ancient musketeers of tréville . had seduced the son of the jailer , and escaped . he perceived m. bonacieux in morning costume , standing at his threshold . to that horse , athos . ” ’ s directions . ” ! ’ cried he , seizing my arm , and <unk> from me the weapon that had so badly served me , ‘ you want to take my life , do you , my pretty puritan ? madame , ” said the novice ; “ you have been his mistress ! ” him , the dear fellow , in which he even asked me for	57.18400192260742
some small service , which , in fact , i rendered him . his usual hour , and slept in peace . ’ artagnan thought the man had some evil design and he put his hand to his sword ; but in the movement made by the man in stooping a portion of his face was uncovered and d ’ artagnan recognized the coadjutor . , ” said d ’ artagnan . ; they have sold me , they shall give me up , and the eternal shame of <unk> treason shall fall on their heads . ” it is owing to him that we are free . ” ; they must get to london . me to say ; but we are now about to mix in	43.77707290649414
<unk> visit and be visited . ” ruined us , still ruins us , and will ruin us , as long as the world stands . ” said the young man , “ i meet you , then , at last ! of malady which we call <unk> , ” said the doctor . ” m. de tréville ; “ shall i give you counsel , good counsel , the counsel of a friend ? ” go , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ what the devil ! then ; we need no witnesses . ” crevice ; after they got along a few paces the passage widened . hand upon his brow , which , at first pale , had become red and burning ; then	42.921852111816406
he suddenly arose and looked around as though he had lost his <unk> wanted air . know by what mistake . suppose is the count ’ s age ? ” inquired mercédès , evidently attaching great importance to this question . , and those of his very best ! this order ! you require , in order to set your conscience quite at ease on the subject ? ” , perhaps . ” he said ; “ death is always death , —that is forgetfulness , repose , exclusion from life , and therefore from grief . ” all that i have heard really true ? ” she inquired . to his interests . ” ; “ and now you may ruin us all . ” the old	67.82205963134766
burgundy ; i have no objection to that , ” said aramis , from whom the letter and the gold had removed , as by magic , his ideas of conversion . as he was singing a love <unk> and looking tenderly at a lady , and interrupted him exactly in the middle of the second couplet . the day before the betrothal feast . ” is too heavy for my arm . closed within and without ; the shutters were only opened to admit a minute ’ s air , showing the scared face of a footman , and immediately afterwards the window would be closed , like a <unk> falling on a sepulchre , and the neighbors would say to each other in a low voice	75.29918670654297
, “ will there be another funeral today at the procureur ’ s house ? ” most reasonable . , mr. president . seen aramis . ” pointed him out to me one day . ” indemnify and hold the foundation , the trademark owner , any agent or employee of the foundation , anyone providing copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement , and any volunteers associated with the production , promotion and distribution of project gutenberg™ electronic works , harmless from all liability , costs and expenses , including legal fees , that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur : ( a ) distribution of this or any project gutenberg™ work ,	40.672176361083984
( b ) alteration , modification , or additions or deletions to any project gutenberg™ work , and ( c ) any defect you cause . that mademoiselle danglars is as good as m. de morcerf . ” smile . brings me here ? ” height of joy . of whom i have heard her speak with <unk> ” albert rose and took his hat ; the count conducted him to the door . calling me now . set forth in this agreement <unk> the law of the state applicable to this agreement , the agreement shall be interpreted to make the <unk> disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law . , and through a <unk> in the shutter they saw bonacieux talking with a man	57.66364669799805
in a cloak . to see you . concise and eloquent . _morbleu ! _ we must not leave a flag in the hands of the enemy , even if that flag be but a napkin . ” ” said the visitor ; “ i have heard he had three or four millions . ” spot these men appeared to be annihilated , one after the other , as if the earth had opened under their feet . , and your unhappiness interested me ; that ’ s all ; but since you believe i act for my own account , adieu , my dear friend , get out of the affair as best you may ; ” and danglars rose as if he meant to depart .	58.66949462890625
the excellent abbé adelmonte , of whom i spoke just now , made in this way some marvellous experiments . ” although i assure you the refusal is as painful for me to give as it is for you to receive , for i had reckoned on the honor of your alliance , and the breaking off of a marriage contract always injures the lady more than the gentleman . ” most unfortunate kind , monsieur . ” said eugénie with sovereign contempt , smoothing her gloves out one upon the other . have it , ” said athos . these suspicions to any person beside myself ? ” asked the captain . the young man , “ i have the honor of presenting to you the count	64.37251281738281
of monte cristo , the generous friend whom i had the good fortune to meet in the critical situation of which i have told you . ” mine , or else become a stockbroker . ” have heard it said that hearts inflamed by obstacles to their desire grew cold in time of security ; i trust we shall never find it so in our experience ! ” are wakeful . column , and might witness the whole of the terrible scene which was about to take place . i am , ” added the king , taking a handful of gold from la chesnaye , and putting it into the hand of d ’ artagnan . tell you , m. morrel ? ” said he eagerly .	55.819637298583984
man fancies the world belongs to him . , till my legs no longer serve , till my heart bursts in my bosom but i will arrive before they do . ” cavalier , henrietta ? ” asked the queen . love to madness , or rather to folly , ” replied richelieu , with great bitterness . asked , “ that will do , will it not ? ” full explanation of that breaking in on his sleep , which was very annoying to him , when d ’ artagnan , instead of explaining , closed his mouth with his hand . child ’ s birth ? ” , ” said athos ; “ but that concerns aramis . ” at st. germain presented itself to the	54.05855178833008
mind of the presumptuous gascon . “ like master , like man. ” let us pass , then , from the valet of athos to the valet of porthos , from grimaud to mousqueton . ventured thus far to draw back . possible to rouse that as well as provence ? ” ” returned the notary . said the queen , “ that they want to take the king away from me ? ” ; on reaching the top of the bank , she slipped and fell upon her knees . be more affectionate , my dear villefort , ” said the baroness . he looked alternately at the window with red curtains and the three windows with white curtains . observed that <unk> were cowards . as	56.04185104370117
ardently as you say ? ’ from his pocket , took a havana , quietly lit it , and began smoking . will be in about an hour , you must offer him to me as a servant , and upon your recommendation , though he doesn ’ t speak a word of french , i take him into my service . follow me ? ” said kitty , timidly . in the character of the count ’ s enemy , was less restrained in his answers , they were more numerous ; he described the youth of monte cristo , who he said , at ten years of age , entered the service of one of the petty sovereigns of india who make war on the english	48.60890197753906
. casks covered with <unk> plants , and in each of which was breathing a fish similar to those on the table . i hoped , how i struck every piece of turf , thinking to find some resistance to my spade ! he went to a table upon which was a salver with spanish wine and glasses . , but before it reached the spot occupied by monte cristo the latter had advanced yet nearer , still unperceived . by me—i was not even aware of it ; but you have , by the step you have taken , called my attention to the paragraph in question , and it will remain until it shall be either contradicted or confirmed by someone who has a right to	109.70865631103516
do so . ” , but he could not see the heavens ; there was a stone veil between him and the firmament . valentine , “ shut the door , and let no one come in . ” comprehend that i want you and your three friends to be of use to me ? ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ for my part , i am eating <unk> garnished with <unk> and vegetables . ” countess , advancing with the majesty of a queen , “ i owe to you the life of my son , and for this i bless you . dreadful thing , ” said the young musician ; “ who would have suspected it ? by the world , for i am	31.329557418823242
not an italian , or a frenchman , or a hindu , or an <unk> , or a <unk> am a <unk> . the count , and even by this mere contact of individuals the scene had already acquired considerable interest for an observer . <unk> to his mustache , a last turn to his hair , brushed , from habit , the brim of his hat with the sleeve of his doublet , and went downstairs . , albert , ” said mercédès . gallant knights of the time of charlemagne , in whom every cavalier ought to seek his model . keeps a confectioner ’ s shop in the rue des lombards , for he ’ s a lad who was always fond of sweetmeats ;	64.30158233642578
he ’ s now a citizen of paris . d ’ artagnan , “ i comprehend ! where is he ? to return home for a year to come , i am told ; in that time many favorable and unforeseen chances may <unk> us . ” said albert , “ you seem to be on excellent terms with the beautiful countess . ” my head is clear , but this demon , the gout , o ’ <unk> me . <unk> does not deserve the services of an honest man . ” , for had not the count heard it from the baroness , or by one of those means by which he knew everything , the baron ’ s countenance would not have led him to	55.579010009765625
suspect it . said d ’ artagnan . know where monsieur de beaufort is ? ” ” cried bonacieux , terrified ; “ of high treason ! the paper containing the <unk> article , and had passed the morning in writing letters and in trying a horse . , his majesty ’ s lackey . ” me ; allow me , then , to enjoy it at my ease , ” and taking her hand , she drew her toward the armchair by the bedside . last reflection <unk> instinctive return to <unk> of weakness or fear did not dwell long in her ardent spirit . ” pleasure of the surprise . ” all is fair in war , stratagem as well as force ; look yonder !	62.05119323730469
” and a ladder of rope was let down from it . . ” said she . and by the joy which was painted on his countenance , the worthy captain plainly perceived that something new was on foot . you learn ? ” not answer , cardinal , what do you think about it ? ” aramis , “ but that fellow is a <unk> ; and ask the uncle whether i was wrong to rid him of his dear nephew . ” this extreme delicacy , made his bow and went away , proceeding with a characteristic <unk> stride towards the street mentioned . ! ” he cried ; “ <unk> <unk> <unk> ! ” retired and remained leaning against the mantelpiece , a spectator of	53.186241149902344
the scene . it ? ” asked a dragoon , with his <unk> run through a <unk> which he was taking to be cooked . for a lantern in a <unk> near , and by its light they examined the weapons . to the cardinal , but belong to me as well , and i will take upon myself the making of your fortune . which he lived furnished , passed only a few hours in the day there , and rarely slept there . lips on the same spot , on the old man ’ s forehead , where valentine ’ s had been . cardinal would be furious at her return , and consequently would be more disposed to listen to the complaints brought against her	56.211822509765625
than to the accusations she brought against others . a famine ! ” twelve to thirteen hundred thousand francs . i had taken any nourishment . for the <unk> of this letter ; it was dated from the chateau du vallon . he , “ could you not contrive to get rid of this frantic boy for me ? ’ artagnan . ” like ; so much the worse for those who fear wine , for it is because they have bad thoughts which they are afraid the liquor will extract from their hearts ; ” and caderousse began to sing the two last lines of a song very popular at the time : he , sir ? ” asked raoul , in a soft and coaxing voice	83.0276107788086
. indeed , monsieur ! the troop passed over their heads . . places by the <unk> . . grammont ? ” omer ; the friends made a little detour and went to the camp , and gave the army an exact account of the flight of the king and queen . pours there is no antidote . ” raoul , bowing , “ i am entirely at your service , i assure you . ” of his young acquaintance with evident pleasure , as though his chilled affections were <unk> and invigorated by his contact with one so warm and ardent . , perhaps ? ” said the inspector . the italian , “ was your excellency then aware of my visit ? ” prize for a	53.25910186767578
length of time , and gave birth to magnificent speeches which we do not repeat here for fear they should be deemed too long . ! ” repeated the traveller in an accent of indescribable sadness . in ignorance of the dangers that might <unk> a young girl of her age . his pipe , was <unk> along toward the limits of the faubourg saint-denis , where no doubt he ordinarily had his station . fro in the rooms like an <unk> and flow of <unk> , rubies , emeralds , <unk> , and diamonds . m. de comminges and desire him to shut himself up with his men in the guardhouse and in the stables . ” notary ! ” good a swordsman to trifle with his	78.0038070678711
opponent . cupid chapter xxxvi . the captain instantly conducted them to the berth prepared for them—a cabin which was to serve for all purposes and for the whole party ; he then tried to slip away under pretext of giving orders to some one . have been cut with scissors . ” out , awaited them . cristo ? ” purpose was spacious and lighted by a number of windows , over each of which was written in golden letters for some <unk> reason the name of one of the principal cities of france ; beneath these windows a wooden balcony extended the entire length of the house . have yourself conveyed to paris ? concern me . ” continued madame de saint-méran , “ we went	96.2057113647461
out together in the carriage after dinner . his own , while beauchamp , as a journalist , had unlimited range all over the theatre . struck . have any . ” cried albert , “ you are not a <unk> , to remain standing ! ” <unk> “ if mademoiselle danglars were disposed to take pity on my supposed martyrdom on her account , and would dispense with all matrimonial formalities between our two families , i am ready to agree to the arrangement . charles , sadly , “ i have but <unk> of twenty years , who has never forgotten me , and two of a week ’ s standing , whom i shall never forget . sir , ” said d ’ artagnan ,	62.76775360107422
“ to observe you are in error . sad heart from the house in which he had left mercédès , probably never to behold her again . m sure , ” said morcerf , “ this is indeed news ! declare itself more prematurely , and yet it was not owing to any fault in his bringing up . milady , “ for you i will wait . ” should be more than complaisant to the count . me. ” the doctor flew to his patient . that they both be instantly arrested ? ” , where he would receive one part of his fortune , and then proceeding to vienna , where he would find the rest , he meant to take up his residence in the	58.8745231628418
latter town , which he had been told was a city of pleasure . ten years engaged in war , as grimaud and i have been , my dear blaisois , you would know the difference there is between the goods of others and the goods of enemies . and that ’ s all . recovered consciousness , when again i heard groans , mingled with half-stifled cries , as if from persons engaged in a deadly struggle . ventured to say , “ i have heard you relate , monsieur mousqueton , that once on a time , at chantilly , you fed your master and yourself by taking partridges in a snare , carp with a line , and bottles with a <unk> . ” ,	90.85106658935547
and albert returned to his inventory . the right to choose my opponent . convinced , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that this abduction of the queen ’ s woman is connected with the events of which we are speaking , and perhaps with the presence of buckingham in paris . ” athos , with a calmness the more terrible because he risked his head in making this reply , “ the letter is a woman ’ s letter , but it is neither signed marion de lorme , nor madame d ’ aiguillon . ” behind them . has deprived you of the power to disinherit me , at least entirely , as it has also of the power to compel me to marry monsieur	48.54362869262695
this or monsieur that . almost dumb . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” said d ’ artagnan . an adjoining room , had shared in the sensation caused by the arrival of monte cristo , and now came forward to pay his respects to the count . moment of quitting milady felt only the liveliest regret at the parting ; and as they addressed each other in a reciprocally passionate adieu , another interview was arranged for the following week . d ’ artagnan ; the rapier had pierced his bosom . the letter was from the marechal de grammont , henrietta ! ” said the queen . ’ s , ” replied kitty , all in a tremble . to , after	54.86808776855469
all ? to see either his wife or his daughter , went at once to his study , and , offering the young man a chair : a good idea ! —two hours have i been boring you to death with my company , and then you , with the greatest politeness , ask me if i am going . that “ he did not know how any fear could be entertained for a moment , when the court had , to defend itself against the parliament and the citizens of paris , his holiness the coadjutor , who by a signal could raise an army of curates , church porters and vergers . ” the landlord came into my apartment when he left his . count ,	83.45319366455078
i heard it ; and the doctor added that if another death occurred in a similar way he must appeal to justice . ” upon the most incredulous ; and far from being incredulous , mazarin was superstitious . years the little tavern had been kept by a man and his wife , with two servants , —a chambermaid named <unk> , and a hostler called <unk> . the cause of his father ’ s dishonor , the cause of the fearful ruin which has fallen on my house . ” ” exclaimed cocles , “ what can it mean ? —the _pharaon_ ? ” towards the glass , but as soon as her trembling arm left the bed the apparition advanced more quickly towards her , and	88.91653442382812
approached the young girl so closely that she fancied she heard his breath , and felt the pressure of his hand . oh , my god , ” said he , with his eyes raised to heaven , “ as much for thy honor as for mine . i don ’ t insist on answering . ” strictly guarded that he soon perceived the <unk> of any attempt at escape . and shut twenty times the drawers of the secretaries , it became necessary , whatever hesitation he might <unk> became necessary , i say , to come to the conclusion of the affair ; that is to say , to search the queen herself . sign of silence , and opened a second door concealed by tapestry	58.86228561401367
. will understand . ” valentine ’ s <unk> , and m. de saint-méran wished to sell it ; for if it had remained another year or two uninhabited it would have fallen to ruin . ” , too , ” added d ’ artagnan , seeing the delight that his intelligence gave the young man . your regiment , ” said he ; “ i can foresee that we shall have need of it directly . ” true , ” said she , “ and i will confess to your majesty that my <unk> ” glass . do you pretend that all this has been unobserved at the minister ’ s ? ” said beauchamp , placing his eye-glass in his eye , where he tried to	29.51702880859375
make it remain . and opened the window . and the spotless name that accompanied it , m. de tréville was admitted into the household of the young prince where he made such good use of his sword , and was so faithful to his motto , that louis xiii. , one of the good blades of his kingdom , was accustomed to say that if he had a friend who was about to fight , he would advise him to choose as a second , himself first , and tréville <unk> even , perhaps , before himself . and entered the subterranean grotto , followed by gaetano . me ? ” of saying to your eminence that there had been some mistake . ” to me quite	59.2913703918457
empty of meaning . she , “ it is madame danglars and her daughter , who have come to call on us . exclaimed ; “ you ! stifling him as he drew him through the aperture , at the risk of <unk> him in the passage . see the letter without the bearer of it , ” replied the young man ; “ but to convince you that i am really the bearer of a letter , see , here it is ; and kindly add , ” continued he , “ that i am not a simple messenger , but an envoy extraordinary . ” my lord ? ” inquired aramis . presuming , i am aware . rules . to me , for you form	34.73225021362305
a part of my existence , and , if i may venture to tell you so , i also feel anxious . you can not imagine how hard it is to rear fowls in these horrible caves ! ” been poisoned , ” said d ’ avrigny , “ and i will maintain this assertion before god and man . ” ! ” exclaimed villefort in an agitated tone ; “ at what number ? ” , ” said faria , “ i told you how i managed to obtain that—and i only just make it from time to time , as i require it . ” around the room , and perceived that one of his men was missing . aid . ” direction . between the	51.89731979370117
culprit and the victim i have no choice . ” , porthos ? said morcerf , with a sweet smile , “ that is what i wish . saved ! ” cried she . d ’ artagnan , rising , “ we have them , friend porthos , and even something better . ” hope were <unk> whether they should proceed any further , when all at once a circle of smoke enveloped the giant of stone , and a dozen balls came whistling around d ’ artagnan and his companions . replied the messenger , “ i wish to speak to your eminence in secret . us go , ” said caderousse ; “ but i don ’ t want your arm at all . in right	34.0306396484375
of my mother ; my grandfather and my grandmother , the marquis and marquise de saint-méran , will leave me as much , and m. noirtier evidently intends making me his heir . hope , in the first instance , to have for keeper an honest fellow like you . ” is not dead , if it is she we have just seen , you will meet with her again some day or other . are displeased at the silence i have preserved on the subject . monte cristo , illustrated d ’ artagnan interrupted , “ as i don ’ t understand english and we all understand spanish , have the kindness to speak to us in that language , which , since it is your own	60.48849868774414
, you must find pleasure in using when you have the chance . ” , ” said groslow , “ they can ’ t be gone far , and we will sink them , passing over them . ” ” i say to the king ? ” ; every hour seemed to strike with leaden weight upon the heart of the poor girl . ” continued the queen , without restraining her tears , “ it is better to fight as the king has done , and to die , as perhaps he will , than live in <unk> like me . ” purchase a dog from one of his keepers . of the patient , and frightened to see that the arm was still hanging out of	46.47822952270508
the bed , she advanced towards valentine , and for the first time noticed the white lips . else could you play for ? . aramis , “ suppose the master is a puritan ? ” forth ? ” asked the sweet , silvery voice of mercédès ; “ two o ’ clock has just struck , and you know we are expected in a quarter of an hour . ” , sir , i swear to you , by everything a man holds dear , i have , since then , deeply and sincerely lamented his unhappy fate . ” he said , “ the master of the hôtel de londres has sent to let you know that a man is waiting for you with a letter	42.0039176940918
from the viscount of morcerf . ” it ? ” inquired the unknown ; “ in the french or turkish style , strong or weak , sugar or none , cool or boiling ? monte cristo , “ my fondness may blind me , but i assure you i consider morcerf a charming young man who will render your daughter happy and will sooner or later attain a certain amount of distinction , and his father ’ s position is good . ” doubted that this was porthos ’ s pleasant dwelling place . wait ? ” my eyes , nor is there fever in my veins , yet i see you <unk> , maximilian , whom i love as my own son . of making myself feared	75.950439453125
. ” much ? ” ” thought the gascon , “ where has he heard it ? i been so unfortunate as to displease your majesty ? ” asked m. de tréville , feigning the most profound astonishment . poniards at la ramee ’ s breast and i say to him , ‘ my friend , i am sorry for it , but if thou <unk> , if thou <unk> one cry , thou art a dead man ! ’ ” abbé threw off his <unk> , shook his head , and his hair , no longer confined , fell in black masses around his manly face . la carconte , “ do as you like . i think so—in the street , ” said athos ; and	45.286415100097656
he looked smilingly at aramis , who looked at him with an expression of surprise . unearthly sound seemed to pervade the whole city ; one felt that something unusual and terrible was happening in all the streets , now dark as ocean ’ s most <unk> caves . to recover what i had lost . planchet , and sleep soundly . ” begun to follow , or rather to advance before the boat . , madame , ” said raoul . leave the drawing-room at present . ” moment the countess perceived albert , and returned his salutation with a smile . by heaven ! cry , and turned round ; then , seeing his son , he fell into his arms , pale and trembling .	53.608177185058594
clock when dantès was placed in this chamber . probably , that there was one more guilty than i . ” the land . d ’ artagnan , “ it will be a double amusing affair to save the queen with the cardinal ’ s money ! ” fellow of the one i had on the road to amiens . ” speech the king looked tenderly around upon the people . advise me to study ? ” , with his finger , the four muskets piled near the drum , on which were the cards and dice . this conversation to a fitting termination ( the last we shall ever hold upon this subject ) , i will repeat to you some words i have heard from the	48.644168853759766
lips of the abbé busoni . piece . ” fellow making himself <unk> on wine when he ought to be <unk> his wrath , and here is a fool who sees the woman he loves stolen from under his nose and takes on like a big <unk> . i please , felton , let me act as i please , ” said milady , elated . <unk> him , in the hope of finding his wound not mortal , a large purse dropped from his clothes . no ! been appointed provost of merchants ? ” yourself ? ” ” exclaimed the executioner , “ did you see the monk ? ” the gallop of a horse . days reap the reward of your disinterested devotion . replied	89.06810760498047
mercédès , “ am going , and i acknowledge i had depended on your accompanying me ; have i deceived myself ? ” a man who hears a reply he does not understand . make as many efforts to awake as he had done to go to sleep ; and la ramee found him so pale and fatigued that he inquired whether he was ill . , my good barrois , ” said valentine . announcement of peace . of the crime with which you are charged ? ” clock this morning she had not returned . ” his eminence , the cardinal , whom god preserve for the happiness of france and the confusion of the enemies of the kingdom , is on the point of putting	50.56673049926758
an end to the <unk> rebellion of la rochelle . in flanders . to you , my dear porthos ? ” continued d ’ artagnan . responding to this amiable gesture , remained mute and trembling . three o ’ clock in the afternoon , they arrived at surgères . to his heart . the open doors . right , edmond . is more disagreeable than being disturbed when one is at breakfast . to see you again , ” said he feebly , to dantès . presume . ” a proof that the lord is on our side , felton , ” replied milady . hurled thy thunder at him , my god ! from him ! ” know what is our situation , and whether mazarin	46.72738265991211
’ s arrest wouldn ’ t be rather an encumbrance than an advantage ? ” well <unk> in the management of the sword , while i am only moderately so ; i know , too , that you are a good <unk> we are about equal . adventure to propose to you when the count is gone . nuptial present he made his wife , and it is magnificent . a good journey to you , ’ said caderousse . wars ! apartment , and came out again almost immediately , holding a rosewood casket in her hand , with her cipher encrusted with gold . to remain abed . ” the coadjutor has promised . ” of the inside one . yes , i know it .	63.494380950927734
ignorant that d ’ artagnan had overheard his conversation with the stranger of meung , related to his young tenant the persecutions of that monster , m. de <unk> , whom he never ceased to designate , during his account , by the title of the “ cardinal ’ s executioner , ” and expatiated at great length upon the bastille , the bolts , the <unk> , the dungeons , the gratings , the instruments of torture . moment to tell his two companions to fasten the door inside , and to make them a sign to come and listen with him . visitors ashamed of theirs , and i don ’ t like to humiliate people . ” aramis found himself opposed to two adversaries .	74.21875
from his master , placed himself on this line , raised himself on his hind paws , and holding in his front paws a wand with which clothes used to be beaten , he began to dance upon the line with as many contortions as a <unk> . ’ artagnan to hasten his return . fell in his way ; the lovely genoese , <unk> , and <unk> were all faithful , if not to their husbands , at least to their lovers , and thought not of changing even for the splendid appearance of albert de morcerf ; and all he gained was the painful conviction that the ladies of italy have this advantage over those of france , that they are faithful even in their infidelity	102.90745544433594
. raoul and said : <unk> , or even gold crowns , ” thought d ’ artagnan , “ we shall yet be able to do business <unk> ” he saluted the cardinal and plunged the bag into the depths of an immense pocket . . right , ” said the jailer ; “ all right , since you will have it so . curiosity , were already scattered in different parts of the house ; for they thought the visit would not be limited to the one room , and that , at the same time , they would obtain a view of the rest of the building , of which monte cristo had created a palace . ” interrupted d ’ artagnan ; “ become a	35.10538864135742
frondist , my friend , belong to the fronde , and remember that i fill the count ’ s place in everything ; ” and he jingled his money . said monte cristo ; “ i have seen him sleep with a sword suspended over his head . ” no one but your postilion , yet i have your address , and in proof i am here the very instant you are going to sit at table . he endeavored to speak , but the words died on his lips . and return often . returning in a few seconds . recommends m. de villefort , and begs me to present him to your majesty . ” know that directly i have seen m. de villefort , whom	50.23430633544922
i shall endeavor to interest in edmond ’ s favor . nothing . , have you not ? ” replied m. bonacieux , giving to his countenance a most sly air . of your majesty and your private seal . ” to the king without having read a single word of it . there , still furious , and still bearing bloody marks of his struggle with the king ’ s officers . ” board already , ” and he looked back again . them on my <unk> at chantilly , with a duel on his hands ; aramis at crèvecœur , with a ball in his shoulder ; and athos at amiens , detained by an accusation of <unk> . ” desire to stand up in his	45.725196838378906
defence ? ” this frightful tumult and these <unk> cries , two reports , fearfully distinct , followed by two shrieks more heartrending than all , froze me with terror . you , ” cried danglars , “ that with these three million—— ” knife , felton , a terrible idea occurred to me . precedes ordination , a thesis is always a requisite . ” to start at once . ” midnight sounded , the sentinel was relieved . ” signed noirtier . door , and seeing that the young officer was waiting for his last orders , he said . the conviction that they came from m. de villefort relieved all dantès ’ apprehensions ; he advanced calmly , and placed himself in the centre of	76.73799133300781
the escort . with a useless burden ? ” damages - except for the “ right of replacement or refund ” described in paragraph 1.f.3 , the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , and any other party distributing a project gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement , disclaim all liability to you for damages , costs and expenses , including legal fees . bad use of it , i entreat you . porthos . , ” said the count with a haughty expression . you can console and support me by the strength of your own powerful mind . i could , eh ? ” you that i have discovered your plans , i hope also to convince you of	24.941680908203125
my delicacy . the room , pale with anger ; her self-control , however , was so great that it might have been imagined that she was calm . ” said a well-known voice . star is in the <unk> , and he will marry the splendid <unk> will be captain , too , and laugh at us all , unless ” —a sinister smile passed over danglars ’ <unk> “ unless i take a hand in the affair , ” he added . de tréville , who held out his hand to him ; d ’ artagnan pressed it with a respect mixed with gratitude . not concerned in the adventure , in the course of which you have so successfully <unk> me ! monsieur d ’	53.15841293334961
artagnan provoked and braved the soldiers and inferior officers , in order , i suppose , to have his sword back . themselves , and the king , <unk> at least , had no other guard at his <unk> but his mother . , sire , to be her enemy ; although your majesty can bear witness that i have always taken her part warmly , even against you . some little writing for me—the least bit of paper which may show that you come in his name . the comte de la fere , that she had learned of the return of her youthful <unk> , and also the manner he had conducted himself on the field , and she added that she should be very glad	79.53581237792969
to offer him her congratulations . been his motive for sending the cup to me ? ” . ’ suspecting it , and actuated solely by their <unk> and adventurous character , our three friends had just rendered a service to someone the cardinal honored with his special protection . then , that right ? ” cried the queen . over his whole person , rendered still more interesting the man whose eyes or mouth , even in the most complete intoxication , had never revealed anything , however skillfully questions had been put to him . the seals , séguier . ” ; we shall perhaps travel part of the night , and must keep our strength up . ” his footsteps , the two men threw	107.18059539794922
themselves in each other ’ s arms , and while they were in the midst of this embrace , the count entered . improper in our conversation , my dear planchet , and no one could find fault with it . ” this ball ? ” age of forty-six . ? had of judging , he could only come to one conclusion , —that the person whom he was thus watching certainly belonged to no inferior station of life . it was apparent enough . now what you are ? ” boy , ” exclaimed madame de villefort , snatching the mutilated book from the <unk> ’ s grasp , “ you are positively past bearing ; you really disturb the conversation ; go , leave us ,	71.1307144165039
and join your sister valentine in dear grandpapa noirtier ’ s room . ” , ” responded debray . , monsieur , ” said blaisois . mind , which was confirmed when i saw the procureur lift from under his mantle a box , two feet long , and six or eight inches deep . was so extraordinary and curious , that the interest they had felt for the count ’ s safety became now quite a secondary matter . an armchair , writing , with his back towards the door ; he did not move as he heard it open , and the door-keeper pronounce the words , “ walk in , madame , ” and then <unk> it ; but no sooner had the man ’	69.64916229248047
s footsteps ceased , than he started up , drew the bolts , closed the curtains , and examined every corner of the room . <unk> for your punctuality ; ” and he offered a chair to madame danglars , which she accepted , for her heart beat so violently that she felt nearly suffocated . the abbé . go and speak to him myself. ” morrel went out , called baptistin , and whispered a few words to him . the science of <unk> almost to a miraculous extent , for he was one of the <unk> who always work upon the body through the mind . at the louvre ; he was at the louvre with his company . and the door of a dungeon was	51.13194274902344
opened , and he was thrust in . being taught and consoled . ” was to be done . , ” said danglars , “ shall be most happy to receive you . ” you , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , loud enough for the cardinal to hear him . know the word must ; with that word great things are done . ” freedom than he is , so it will be your business to get him out . ” addressed to benedetto , who remained perfectly <unk> , the energetic gestures , the movement of the gendarmes , the sneers of the <unk> of the crowd always sure to rise to the surface in case of any <unk> this lasted five minutes ,	44.56694793701172
before the door-keepers and magistrates were able to restore silence . carlos ? ” , his chest heaved with his panting respiration . of rank ; consequently the <unk> names of their adversaries were for them not only a matter of surprise , but of annoyance . through the <unk> several boats which were gradually becoming more distinct to our view . put his plate on the ground near the door ; the jailer , as he entered , stepped on it and broke it . all his actions , all his words , from the simplest glance of his eyes to his <unk> to a breath that could be interpreted as a sigh . my dear fellow ; you must change your clothes , as <unk> said	95.9329605102539
to <unk> . , was humming a song as he stood warming his back at the fire la carconte had kindled to dry the wet garments of her guest ; and this done , she next occupied herself in arranging his supper , by spreading a napkin at the end of the table , and placing on it the slender remains of their dinner , to which she added three or four <unk> eggs . the envoy , “ you do not go about it in the right way to kill him , if i understand you correctly . ” sweet smile , and but for his paleness one might have thought him in his usual happy mood . us concerns ourselves alone , my lord , ”	105.86196899414062
replied d ’ artagnan . be quiet , i beseech you , ” said broussel . , which will last three hours at least . paris all day long , ” said athos , “ and if we have no news this evening we will return to the road to picardy ; and i feel no doubt that , thanks to d ’ artagnan ’ s ready invention , we shall then find some clew which will solve our doubts . ” exclamation on seeing the young men together . watch over your future destiny , morrel , to pray sometimes for a man , who , like satan , thought himself for an instant equal to god , but who now acknowledges with christian humility that god	63.967262268066406
alone possesses supreme power and infinite wisdom . say is this , sir , —that during the last fortnight unforeseen circumstances have <unk> ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ they have just told the people that you are asleep ; you see , you still are king . ” completely the dupe of the prisoner , whom , notwithstanding her hints , she persisted in watching all night . , ” exclaimed d ’ avrigny . senses at receiving this magnificent present , which dantès hastened to account for by saying that he had merely been a sailor from whim and a desire to spite his family , who did not allow him as much money as he liked to spend ; but that on his	91.33151245117188
arrival at leghorn he had come into possession of a large fortune , left him by an uncle , whose sole heir he was . need of it . ” , monsieur chevalier . ” the prisoner , “ i am the abbé faria , born at rome . forever in prison , and one day or other he will leave it , and the day when he comes out , woe <unk> him who was the cause of his incarceration ! ” man in the black cloak ; therefore she knew him . , yet he fearlessly condemns . ’ weight less upon my chest . the pasha ’ s troops , ” replied morcerf ; “ and it is no secret that i owe my fortune	57.940093994140625
, such as it is , to the liberality of the illustrious <unk> chief . ” on my own account , i shall always find a resource ; my books , my pencils , my piano , all the things which cost but little , and which i shall be able to procure , will remain my own . him , viscount . ” cousin ; he told me everything and desired me to watch instead of him , and in his place to conduct , wherever they wished to go , the gentlemen who should bring me a handkerchief tied at each corner , like that one which you hold and one which i have in my pocket . ” the house in which i have met	49.5908088684082
you this evening , i will dare it myself. ’ i really think i must have been frightened . him . ” random , inquiring of everybody , when i saw you gallop past . a false look you have , particularly when you are afraid . he was dreaming . be a good cook ; do you recollect how you used to <unk> your fingers ? , is the noise ? ” arts of great cities would have hid her blushes beneath a veil , or , at least , have cast down her thickly <unk> lashes , so as to have concealed the liquid lustre of her animated eyes ; but , on the contrary , the delighted girl looked around her with a smile that	74.18836212158203
seemed to say : “ if you are my friends , rejoice with me , for i am very happy . ” ” replied mazarin . , but swear it ! ” said monte cristo extending his hand . at the same time the bell was rung in milady ’ s chamber . the child returned . my lord . ” who regulate <unk> beforehand . you will not be able to fulfill your commission , ” said d ’ artagnan . “ i inquired if you are well fed ? ” said he . sigh <unk> the king , so lightly did he sleep . the court like a black shadow , rushed out through the wicket , leaving his comrades , and even the keeper ,	33.45901870727539
lost in wonder . wish to know ; follow me . ” said with a sad smile : “ poor wretch , for half a crown he would do as much to his own father . ” say , and don ’ t be afraid , ” continued athos . make sure of him ; his charities alone amount to 20,000 francs a month . ” , like his friend ’ s ; he not only gets used to his captivity , but jokes about it . ” , count , for not having forgotten your promise . ” your swords , ” said the duke . see , am nailed to my <unk> ! was pulled down , and the man held a handkerchief to his face	44.75346755981445
. came from high authority , and the order for his liberation must proceed from the same source ; and , as napoleon has scarcely been reinstated a fortnight , the letters have not yet been forwarded . ” each other with an expression of fear . ? ” replied aramis , in a tone of resignation . who through want of money , time , or enthusiasm , have not been to see the carnival before , mingle in the gayety , and contribute to the noise and excitement . the houses . . ” our heads ? ” , that persons of our time of <unk> that you belong to the class , you are still a young man , —but as i was saying ,	52.74681854248047
persons of our time of life have been very unfortunate this year . and installed himself across the doorway , while grimaud went and shut himself up in the stable , undertaking that by five o ’ clock in the morning he and the four horses should be ready . deign to receive him ? ” strange scene remained facing one another , without uttering a single word ; the queen standing near the door , d ’ artagnan half out of his hiding place , the king raised on his elbow , ready to fall down on his bed again at the slightest sound that would indicate the return of the multitude , but instead of approaching , the noise became more and more distant and very	60.4155387878418
soon it died entirely away . the amount of a million a year , from which we derive an income of 40,000 francs . monk became so livid and his smile so strange , that raoul , whose eyes were still fixed upon him , felt as if this smile had struck to his heart like an insult . the gun an english cutlass with which i had shivered his highness ’ s yataghan to pieces , the bey yielded , and agreed to forgive the hand and head , but on condition that the poor fellow never again set foot in tunis . help of his two hands he lifted himself from the bench , and found himself on his feet . irksome office to be the	103.67792510986328
father of a <unk> daughter ; it seems to make one feverish , and to raise one ’ s pulse to ninety beats a minute until the deed is done . ” something for you ; he restores to you more than he takes away , and it was time i should die . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ go and announce to the people through the grating that they are going to be satisfied and that in five minutes they shall not only see the king , but they shall see him in bed ; add that the king sleeps and that the queen begs that they will keep silence , so as not to awaken him . ” the queen , almost suffocated by	60.61854553222656
emotion ; “ mistaken ! men born with a pen behind the ear , and an <unk> in place of a heart . he was not a musketeer , performed the duty of one with remarkable punctuality . the latter , blushing , “ what must i say ? ” ? ” liberty of a woman , ” replied the count ; “ the pope , the life of a man ; so that once in my life i have been as powerful as if heaven had brought me into the world on the steps of a throne . ” milady , raising herself , “ i defy you to find any tribunal which pronounced that infamous sentence against me . ” replied aramis . once to assume	52.68047332763672
the command of the _pharaon_ , and look carefully to the unloading of her freight . his musketeers , who were to louis xiii . s son ? ” replied monte cristo , astonished in his turn . m. de villefort was not at table . ” he resumed , “ that they mean to kill you ? to get ? ” , placed it on his head , seized one of the <unk> , and struck out so as to cut across the course the vessel was taking . , at the hour debray usually chose to pay a visit to madame danglars on his way to his office , his _coupé_ did not appear . see my friends ? ” monte cristo walked down the rue	35.6324577331543
de la caisserie . him undoubtedly , for their cries were carried to his ears by the wind . who has concluded this infamous bargain ? ” me . count ? ” continued he . the count with a certain uneasiness , but at a smile from athos he was quickly reassured . the apartments , many of which were fitted up in the eastern style , with cushions and divans instead of beds , and pipes instead of furniture . , that what i have to say relates to most important matters . ” ” to me , silence , with respect to my friends ; silence about the queen , above all , or you will ruin everybody without saving yourself ! d ’ artagnan to	63.040138244628906
raoul , seeing that athos wished to be alone , “ come , let us take a turn in the fencing gallery ; that will amuse you . ” ? ” person , m. de morcerf ? ” inquired eugénie ; “ does anybody know ? ” bertuccio , “ it leads to the garden . ” , but , as no one came , i determined to find one for myself . had been shot , and fell on a chair near the door . of the terror to which the magistrate alluded , but without the evidence of her own <unk> she could never have believed that the sentiment had been carried so far . gentleman ? ” retire into a convent , you remember how	34.17213821411133
angry you were with me ? ” a tear trembled in the eye of the invalid . we are alone , ” said athos , “ let us talk of yourself . ” to show the cardinal my haste to obey his commands . ” commander , bragelonne . ” leave of absence in one hand , and m. de tréville ’ s note in the other . , it is wrong thus to neglect your friends , particularly at the moment you are about to leave them for so long a time . send you your clothes by the boy . ! ” answered the queen , endeavoring to assume something of her former dignity . silence of a vast multitude to the palais royal . last	40.925724029541016
of the family , whose secretary i <unk> count of spada . athos , leaning down his head as if to remember who it could be . who follow others in spite of them ? ” , i think , no longer doubt my zeal in your behalf . ” , you will permit me to call to <unk> ! ” la fere , on the side of broussel , blancmesnil and viole ! pace ; he stops at the gate ; he rings . ” ” returned monte cristo , pale as death , pressing one hand on his heart to still its throbbings , while with the other he pointed to a crystal cover , beneath which a silken purse lay on a black velvet cushion	59.56374740600586
. cardinal spoke in his most <unk> <unk> “ except to beg of you to forgive my unworthy suspicions . name and looked at the count to be quite sure that it was he whom the lieutenant thus addressed . the letter ; the count was thoughtful and silent . has not quite forgotten the young traveler whom we left on the road to flanders . , and which you believe to be from madame de <unk> ” i must add another word of explanation . ? ” said the host , bewildered ; “ boy , see if the mule belonging to the monk is still in the stable . ” restored him to light for an ordinary young man . continued aramis , “ i have	52.99893569946289
lived very agreeably . . ” their good fortune in meeting such a man . . ” ” that they should have made so deep an impression on you ? ’ — ‘ on them depended my father ’ s life , ’ replied she . different <unk> , sherry , and malaga , and a barrel of ostend oysters ; get them at <unk> ’ s , and be sure you say they are for me . ” that we have a reinforcement , and we must have an increase of supplies . ” resolved on <unk> the prisoners of their last chance , and making them understand that they were condemned to perpetual imprisonment , a new misfortune befell them ; the gallery on the sea	72.1866683959961
side , which had long been in ruins , was <unk> . would have been a happiness too infinite , too <unk> , too complete , too divine for this world , since it has been denied me ; but without valentine the earth is desolate . ” a horse by the bridle , ” he said to porthos and mousqueton ; “ turn to the left , so that athos and aramis may see you clearly from the window . ” ? , no money ? ” ” ” accident happen ? ” asked raoul . said the duke , “ for your sake i beg of you , never come within the reach of my fist ! ” timber , which he now thought to be	48.68613815307617
useless , and swam vigorously to meet them . thrown the fellow down , but hark ! ” laughed at what i considered your <unk> and exaggerated praises of him ; but i have now ample cause to admit that your enthusiastic description of this wonderful man fell far short of his merits . your young raoul ? ” asked aramis . , that you can help me more <unk> than your brothers ? ” said gondy . , ” said danglars , seeing that he made no impression on peppino , “ you will not refuse me a glass of wine ? ” , ” said the soldier . the fashionable world , always ordered , measured , ruled , like our <unk> . would afford me	79.84786224365234
. , it is you who should tell us what you want . ” said athos . the nearest village or swear to me on your salvation that you will send me the first monk , the first curé , the first priest you may meet . to tell . ” a countryman of yours , if a corsican is a countryman of anyone ’ s . . relieved ? ” asked de guiche . ” cried milady , with an incredible tone of truthfulness , “ you are not his accomplice ; you do not know that he <unk> me to a disgrace which all the punishments of the world can not equal in horror ? ” hand on the boat ’ s edge i will cut	48.6396598815918
it off , <unk> that he is . ” aramis , with an absent air ; “ yes , that poor duchess ! . was not easy to make d ’ artagnan reveal anything he was desirous of hiding , so he gave up , for the time , the discovery of the mystery the gascon was concealing . again , rather than betray you , i would allow myself to be <unk> in pieces ! ” the bastion , mounted the <unk> , and bore off the flag ; but as the rochellais had arrived within musket range , they opened a terrible fire upon this man , who appeared to expose himself for pleasure ’ s sake . at least , deny that you are very	58.3143310546875
harsh judges of each other . ” made their way in the world by the means of women blushing . , and he received their excuses with the air of a man who appreciated their delicacy . night , they intend me to be ransomed . no rest till we could find some trace in contemporary works of these extraordinary names which had so strongly awakened our curiosity . you , sir , ” continued madame de villefort , “ as the only one who has the right of doing so , inasmuch as i am the only one who will receive no personal benefit from the transaction , —i come to entreat you to restore , not your love , for that she has always possessed ,	66.95555877685547
but to restore your fortune to your granddaughter . ” sink upon his hands , while two large tears rolled down his cheeks . , and always brooding over some old history of the vendetta ; and i overlooked that in italy , because in italy those things are thought nothing of . men ! ” said milady ; “ please to remember that he who shall touch a hair of my head is himself an assassin . ” sapphires of such a fine water existed . the waiter did as he was desired . a moment motionless , asking himself where he could be ; but soon a ray of light which penetrated through the chamber , together with the warm and perfumed air which reached him	94.35086822509766
from the same aperture , the conversation of two of three ladies in language at once respectful and refined , and the word “ majesty ” several times repeated , indicated clearly that he was in a closet attached to the queen ’ s apartment . ; it would be rendering a service to her future son-in-law . ” sport . done <unk> and positively . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i will have done with her . away ; at the end of the second he had ceased to mark the lapse of time . for half that , for twenty thousand , for fifteen thousand ; why did you not think of me , ungrateful man ? ” perceived the cabaret at which he	68.71057891845703
had left aramis , and putting his horse to the trot , he shortly pulled up at the door . d ’ artagnan , quite confused , “ i <unk> ” . ” mazarin , writhing beneath this simple eloquence , “ your majesty does not understand me ; you judge my intentions wrongly , and that is partly because , doubtless , i explain myself in french . ” him , who requires but a prayer , a word , a tear , and he will forgive ? m. morrel ; and i think you will be satisfied on that head . ” in arranging a little plan , of which we shall hereafter see the execution , and which promised him some agreeable adventure , as	52.84601974487305
might be seen by the smiles which from time to time passed over his countenance , whose thoughtfulness they animated . , grimaud ? ” he exclaimed . do you have such ideas ? ’ cried caderousse ; ‘ or , if you have them , why don ’ t you keep them to yourself ? ’ judge by the light of the sun , the day was already two-thirds gone . am as capable of managing a ship as the most experienced captain in the service ; and it will be so far advantageous to you to accept my services , that upon edmond ’ s release from prison no further change will be requisite on board the _pharaon_ than for dantès and myself each to resume	77.25408172607422
our respective posts . ” such well-dressed brethren ; and those gendarmes behaved shamefully . darkness . . ” ” said the queen ; “ i will follow you . ” pale face and knit brows that his resolution to revenge himself was growing weaker . and there like so many demons <unk> some unknown labor ; these were the beggars of the court of <unk> agents of the <unk> of holy water in the square of saint eustache , preparing barricades for the morrow . to do so , your <unk> , ” replied the young man , returning their salutation . to be taken ? ” asked the <unk> “ anywhere out of your presence , ” replied m. d ’ épinay . ; but she	54.19087219238281
is now at length a little reassured , having sent her secretary away in order that nothing may happen unexpectedly . fee of 20 % of the gross profits you derive from the use of project gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you already use to calculate your applicable taxes . ” , ” he continued , giving planchet his expected title , “ take notice that one of the three men who just now went out from here told me privately to distrust these gentlemen . ” , who had left him only two hours before , the count raised his head , arose , and sprang to meet him . nothing is certain in this world . ” it ? ” asked albert . the person	79.72334289550781
to whom the house in the allées de meilhan belonged , dantès next proceeded thither , and , under the name of lord wilmore ( the name and title inscribed on his passport ) , purchased the small dwelling for the sum of twenty-five thousand francs , at least ten thousand more than it was worth ; but had its owner asked half a million , it would unhesitatingly have been given . one bed , were awakened by the noise , and fixing their eyes upon the spot whence the sound proceeded , they saw a man . curtain falls on the stage . ” up to d ’ artagnan . are you ? ” to tours and believed to be in that city , had come	61.59226608276367
to paris , remained there five days , and <unk> the <unk> king flew into a furious passion . make an exception in rita ’ s favor , as her father was rich , and could pay a large ransom . seemed to seek his friend ’ s thought even at the bottom of his heart , but d ’ artagnan sustained the inquisition with an air of admirable simplicity . me , who could offer millions to that poor woman , but who return her only the piece of black bread forgotten under my poor roof since the day i was torn from her i loved . , dear friend , i swear ; and as a proof of what i say , permit me to declare	78.49962615966797
i am rejoiced to see you safe and sound . ” and from time to time giving a touch of the spur to his horse , d ’ artagnan completed his short journey , and arrived at st. germain . aramis so much as to be mistaken for him . ” me , and , indeed , all the committee also , ” said beauchamp . leagues out of rome when daylight began to disappear . , morrel , ” said the count , “ that i do not need entreating to spare the life of m. de morcerf ; he shall be so well spared , that he will return quietly with his two friends , while i—— ” these precautions , i remained for some time	45.33475875854492
in a terrible agitation of mind . aramis , “ but you forget the officer . ” to the catalans , and he is going to the city . three steps forward . the doctor , after a moment ’ s silence , “ i will wait . ” cried morrel , groaning with sorrow , “ i love her ! ” the most skillful of his craft , and who himself confessed that he gained a hundred thousand livres a year by the duke of buckingham . arrested , edmond , and were a prisoner . ” your lodging ; they took him for you . ” to the human species ; you are a demon escaped from hell , whither we send you back again .	34.87043380737305
” eagle takes no heed of the sparrow . there ? ” murmured madame danglars , choking with fear . and hope ; do you know what you did , unfortunate adviser ? i found it , monsieur . the four friends were out of reach , and the rochellais only fired to appease their consciences . them , madame , ” said de winter “ and doubtless i shall find them ; but time fails me . ” asked château-renaud . <unk> with fond and filial remembrances , his heart beat almost to bursting , his knees tottered under him , a mist floated over his sight , and had he not clung for support to one of the trees , he would inevitably have fallen to	84.34138488769531
the ground and been crushed beneath the many <unk> continually passing there . the englishman . at home ; and it was milady who this time did all the honors of the evening . ? ” asked the doctor eagerly . finished his questions , for a moment later he said good-night and carelessly followed the same path taken by the first cavalier . ? ” said he with slight emotion . d ’ artagnan , “ it is half past four , and we have scarcely time to be on the road of chaillot by six . ” die , but he was about to die of grief and despair when this miraculous noise recalled him to life . crime of which you were accused when you	53.07658767700195
asked for a confessor , and the abbé busoni came to visit you at your request in the prison at nîmes . ” electronic works ” said mazarin , when he was alone . feverish distraction , and in its progress visions , good and evil , passed through dantès ’ mind . a distance through all these open doors . ” said the cardinal . on the preceding day served his apprenticeship . purpose , and here i am . ” said , “ you have wished to conquer the prince your <unk> is to say , the greatest captain of the age ; and when women of genius wish anything they always succeed in <unk> it . the part of the wall of the apartment before	62.781494140625
which he had found milady standing in the armchair in which she was now seated , and over her head he perceived a <unk> <unk> , fixed in the wall for the purpose of hanging up clothes or weapons . lasted two days , after which he offered a million for some food . rest will set me up , and i hope i shall find among the rocks certain herbs most excellent for bruises . ” beauchamp , ” said albert , drawing franz away , and leaving the former to finish his philosophical dissertation with debray . , ” said mercédès . , he remained silent , with knitted brows . replied the prince , “ will i permit ? what is the matter with her	77.90021514892578
, ” said madame de villefort ; “ m . ” a very severe tutor , and had never been to paris before . ” is proud of them ; he is better pleased with rewards given to the benefactors of man than to his <unk> . ” ? ” on the bier . , and nothing else , and so long as i work , nothing more is required of me . ” choice ; he took the full glass and a biscuit . came and freed me from the hands of signor vampa , where , i can assure you , in spite of all my outward appearance of ease and unconcern , i did not very particularly care to remain . council of state ,	59.50132369995117
” d ’ artagnan remarked to porthos ; “ but we held better ones at la rochelle , with athos and aramis . ” to betray me ? ” . henrietta , and , unintentionally , doubtless , has maintained a centre of inextinguishable civil war in my country . , and you are not so exacting as the fathers of the porte saint-martin and <unk> , who disinherit their daughters for not giving them grandchildren . lackeys . ” monsieur , ” said the duchess , “ you are a true nobleman ! of the governor ’ s apartments , and were we to work our way through , we should only get into some <unk> cellars , where we must necessarily be recaptured . woman enveloped	58.465877532958984
in a large veil , which completely concealed her . eyes ; not because his dungeon was so very disagreeable , but because his uneasiness was so great . cried mordaunt . he lived on alone , and more and more solitary . in his pocket with that indescribable expression which seemed to say , “ come , reflect ; if you repent there is still time . ” athos ’ s , and he , faithful to his vow of not going out , took upon him to order dinner to be brought to them . does not lighten . ” ” he observed , “ i see that in spite of the reputation which you have acquired as a superior man , you look at everything	51.87582015991211
from the material and vulgar view of society , beginning with man , and ending with <unk> is to say , in the most <unk> , most narrow view which it is possible for human understanding to embrace . ” want it to show the abbé busoni . ” first act , the door of a box which had been hitherto vacant was opened ; a lady entered to whom franz had been introduced in paris , where indeed , he had imagined she still was . aramis arrived ; he was dressed as an officer and had the old sword at his side which he had drawn so often and which he was more than ever ready to draw . there ? ” said the inspector .	75.30532836914062
” said mazarin , looking with astonishment at those two men . ” thought d ’ artagnan , <unk> from behind the curtain , “ decidedly monsieur planchet is no fool ; it is evident he has been brought up in a good school . ” ” he to my mother , trembling <unk> , ‘ the instant approaches which will decide everything . thought of you at home . ” villefort , “ it will be a serious thing for valentine to lose her grandfather ’ s fortune , i do not think that m. d ’ épinay will be frightened at this pecuniary loss . ” said he . milady , listening in her turn to the noise of felton ’ s steps , which withdrew	39.88423156738281
in a direction opposite to those of lord de winter ; “ at length you are mine ! ” , who would not even receive me . comte de la fere , you understand , chevalier d ’ herblay , that i am altogether and always at your service . ” ” for this evening , ” said the coadjutor , “ but the violins will not begin to play until to-morrow morning . ” ! had then been left entirely to madame danglars and lucien debray . ? influence the count evidently possessed over those ruffians ? ” athos , “ do not injure the vicomte de <unk> not ruin his prospects . more to do here ? ” ; and with the exception of a file	46.24653244018555
, i have all that are necessary , —a chisel , pincers , and lever . ” host , tell me if anything has happened to him ? ” . puritans have but one word . pleasant to him in that odious <unk> is the <unk> of the human <unk> the sullen face of grimaud , for whom he had at first conceived such a hatred and who now was all his hope . reverence . studs which his majesty gave the queen . ” house . ” come from ? ” ? ” he said . , these swords should be devoted to the service of your eminence , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i shall venture to express a wish , which is ,	42.38478469848633
that in its turn the purse of your eminence may become light and theirs <unk> with these three men your eminence may rouse all europe if you like . ” monte cristo , sighing . it , by heavens , he may have sent the letter itself ! raoul , and i bequeath to you my revenge . the courage of d ’ artagnan , which she knew , and the cardinal in the strength of porthos , which he had experienced . my dear duke ; but just stretch out your hand . ” of people in m. de villefort ’ s antechamber , but madame danglars had no occasion even to pronounce her name . francs out of my cash <unk> more ! ” d ’	44.8837776184082
artagnan had pushed into the hands of the officers , denying him aloud although he had promised in a whisper to save him ? artagnan did not constitute a body of horsemen , since he was alone , since he was not going away from rueil and was going to saint germain , no one paid any attention to him and his journey was not obstructed in any way . , excellency , ” replied pastrini , who was desirous of keeping up the dignity of the capital of the christian world in the eyes of his guest , “ that there are no carriages to be had from sunday to tuesday evening , but from now till sunday you can have fifty if you please . ”	68.26555633544922
to the new jailer , although the latter was , if possible , more taciturn than the old one ; but still , to speak to a man , even though mute , was something . them and go to some remote corner of the earth , and shall be happy if you will accompany me , viscount . ” of the king was now and then uttered <unk> amid all these cardinal jests , a sort of gag seemed to close for a moment on all these jeering mouths . tears in her eyes . resolution . ” confidence in me ? ” be considered the leaders of the enterprise had quit the group and were making their way toward the hôtel of m. de tréville ,	66.02465057373047
who was waiting for them , already informed of this fresh disturbance . sir , you were in fact a medical man , ” said madame de villefort , “ since you had cured the sick . ” . ” shall be <unk> in m. dantès ’ house , you will be at rest . at liberty this evening , ” replied the husband , seriously ; “ she is detained at the louvre this evening by her duties . ” , ” replied comminges ; “ the queen will ultimately decide your place of domicile . ” there ? ” out , carrying in his hand a large leather bag ; he opened it as soon as he was outside the chamber and to his great astonishment	47.506103515625
found it full of gold . asked athos . entrance to the enclosure , and was not long in finding a little wooden gate , working on willow hinges , and fastened with a nail and string . madame , ” said the novice , “ are we rivals ? ” hastily , and saw madame de morcerf at the entrance of the salon , at the door opposite to that by which her husband had entered , pale and motionless ; when monte cristo turned round , she let fall her arm , which for some unknown reason had been resting on the gilded <unk> . do you seek after the <unk> of the earth ? tore a page from his tablets and wrote : you the	49.62490463256836
best place and time . ” said athos , taking some small change from his pocket , “ <unk> ” fed , and if they had any request to make . obedience , he jumped down from the terrace , ran toward the lane , and at the end of twenty paces met d ’ artagnan , who , having seen all , was coming to him . his consciousness , but he still lay helpless and exhausted on his miserable bed . way , the sentence could not be executed . , ” the vehicle was the “ carriage , ” and the hôtel de londres was the “ <unk> ” the genius for <unk> characteristic of the race was in that phrase . home . ,	62.1850471496582
” said mazarin ; “ enter this cabinet and wait till i come back . ” the opinion of comminges , who withdrew somewhat reassured . we decide ? ” said the king . going to take him in ? king could have <unk> so far as to express himself so favorably of me ? ” asked the enraptured villefort . liberal papers , but his noble opposition to the wishes of the court is now getting him into favor with the journalists . was excellent , and admirably served , franz looked repeatedly at albert , in order to observe the impressions which he doubted not had been made on him by the words of their entertainer ; but whether with his usual carelessness he had paid	86.00896453857422
but little attention to him , whether the explanation of the count of monte cristo with regard to duelling had satisfied him , or whether the events which franz knew of had had their effect on him alone , he remarked that his companion did not pay the least regard to them , but on the contrary ate like a man who for the last four or five months had been condemned to partake of italian <unk> is , the worst in the world . —i <unk> assure you i shall do my best , ” stammered villefort . alone , but albert observed that as this was an unusual circumstance he might be allowed to <unk> from the usual etiquette of duels . ? ” , your	69.9566421508789
family arms ? seized her hand , which convulsively clasped a crystal bottle with a golden <unk> . have hidden a thought ; but not a step , not an action , not a fault , has escaped me , while you flattered yourself upon your address , and firmly believed you had deceived me . bethune , who has just been brought in here , assassinated by spaniards , and who is now being confessed by an augustine friar . ” voice ; and dame nanette , feeling herself supported , recommenced with all her strength to sound her <unk> <unk> . the <unk> he redoubled the <unk> ; so that day and night the bell was ringing full <unk> , announcing the extreme desire for mortification	111.4679946899414
which the penitent experienced . ask my own secrets , and i will reveal them to you ; but those of <unk> is quite another thing . ” aramis , you may enjoy that pleasure , for one of those three horses is yours . ” ” said the cardinal , “ i don ’ t wish you any ill ; but you must be aware that it is quite trouble enough to defend and recompense our friends . not have that honor . ” are ; we must not send for a notary , but for a doctor ! ” bonacieux , “ they took good care not to tell me that ; and my wife , on her part , has sworn to me by all	42.59135437011719
that ’ s sacred that she does not know . will rest between you and beauchamp . ” ; those of the marechal de villeroy , guitant , villequier and comminges came into the line . the old man , by closing his eyes ; but his appearance manifested increasing uneasiness . project gutenberg™ , including how to make donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , how to help produce our new ebooks , and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new ebooks . nervous shudder , since the dinner at auteuil , and the events which followed it , that madame danglars heard monte cristo ’ s name announced . <unk> , the only book he had ever read , but	52.381378173828125
which he still slightly remembered . his face , and from time to time he put a handkerchief to his mouth to wipe away the blood that <unk> from it . watch . have nothing else with you . once on _terra firma_ , once that he had seen the indifferent , if not friendly , appearance of his <unk> , his anxiety had quite disappeared , or rather , at sight of the goat , had turned to appetite . the allées de meilhan , no . order and for the good of the state that the bearer of this has done what he has done . such names ; they are names of shepherds . ” in the united states , you will have to check	57.546329498291016
the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . the cemetery . sort of courier , covered with dust , the bearer of a letter from the duke to the cardinal , giving testimony to the valor of d ’ artagnan and porthos . d ’ artagnan . my housekeeper on the strength of it . ” man before , but , if you accede to my proposal , you will be adorable . ” by her dress ; if you know no more than that , everyone here is as well-informed as yourself . ” mazarin , sitting down , “ we shall soon see something startling . ” _ though i should like to have seen porthos on my yellow horse	37.05677032470703
. the queen uttered a cry of joy , which the two gentlemen heard . wandering , fixed itself upon morrel . fallen fortune seemed suddenly to crush him ; he could not foresee the consequences ; he could not contemplate the future with the indifference of the hardened criminal who merely faces a contingency already familiar . feet were rooted to the ground , and his eyes on the count of morcerf . albert , “ allow me to present to you m. maximilian morrel , captain of spahis , one of our best , and , above all , of our bravest officers . ” up a silver bell , and rang it ; the officer entered . man wife or children ? ” inquired the	62.390785217285156
abbé . him all that could be done . in behalf of the queen , of the ornaments , of the journey you made with three of your friends . ” asked m. de tréville . ” said the count , “ you are looking for the sailors . ” mazarin , “ the time has come to put to use your talents and your valor . ” that , unfortunately , your husband is a simpleton and a fool ; in the next place , you are in trouble , of which i am very glad , as it gives me an opportunity of placing myself at your service , and god knows i am ready to throw myself into the fire for you ; finally ,	32.431827545166016
that the queen wants a brave , intelligent , devoted man to make a journey to london for her . , who , in the <unk> of his power , had been unable to <unk> napoleon ’ s secret , might in despair at his own downfall interrogate dantès and so lay bare the motives of villefort ’ s plot . and showed me an order and i followed him . fact , touched the cardinal in the tenderest point . i don ’ t like to leave things half finished . ” and he put his hand on his sword . those comrades of the guards of m. dessessart and the company of musketeers of m. de tréville who had been accustomed to associate together . ”	63.46508026123047
cried villefort . ” said porthos , who , faithful to the instructions , still held the cardinal ’ s arm . what you have just said , ” said beauchamp , laughing . planchet joyously , “ i see well that it is the same comte de la fere whom we seek . seek revenge ? ” <unk> years ago ; and since then we have not seen the poor marquis three times . ” have served as an instrument to that accursed woman ; but i swear to you that this crime shall be her last . ” belong to the fronde , do you not ? ” certain of that . ” friend ? ” said athos . wish for only one harness . ”	36.04100036621094
four years ago he used to adorn and adore his little idol , whom he will some day fall in love with in right earnest if he remains here . in a conversation with anne of austria , to obtain some information from that conversation , and afterward to come upon his eminence with some secret which the cardinal either knew or did not know , but which , in either case , would raise him infinitely in the eyes of his minister . , but that is all ; one thing alone struck me , —of all the exquisite things he placed before us , he touched nothing . humility , took the bit of the impatient animal with his left hand , and with the right	105.33040618896484
held out the reins to andrea , who , taking them from him , rested his polished boot lightly on the step . lieutenant , ” replied the musketeer , who saw the business was a serious one . blood on the <unk> ” and he set off to follow the two friends . <unk> made a great noise through the interior of the donjon and even outside . the first captive that had been shut up in this splendid prison ; but you may easily comprehend , felton , that the more superb the prison , the greater was my terror . moments , thoughtful , but not dejected . with yourself , ” said he to raoul when they were alone , “ are you not	62.840885162353516
? ” ! ” said kitty . was on especial duty that evening , followed to aid and undress her . not thought of this . get up , watch the cardinal . hotel and went up into his apartment , intending to watch the spy ; but as he was about to place his gloves and hat on a table , he saw reflected in a glass opposite to him a figure which stood on the threshold of the room . . off in the direction mentioned and in ten minutes reached the inn . . ” chapter liii . and saw his father get into it , and drive away . and seeing near her stepmother the stranger of whom she had already heard so much	61.254886627197266
, saluted him without any <unk> awkwardness , or even lowering her eyes , and with an elegance that redoubled the count ’ s attention . said the woman , crossing herself . on the matter . friend , add to his natural devotedness a good sum of money , and then , instead of answering for him once , answer for him twice . ” in a loud voice , “ rochefort ! ” the chevalier , who no doubt was near the door , entered immediately . time in useless compliments . madame de villefort expressed a desire to return to paris , which madame danglars had not dared to do , notwithstanding the uneasiness she experienced . me by saying whether it is her pleasure	59.23516082763672
to dine with me ; if so , let dinner be served in her apartments . sir ? ” , i presume , who placed at my disposal 100,000 francs , which i spent in four or five months ; it was not you who manufactured an italian gentleman for my father ; it was not you who introduced me into the world , and had me invited to a certain dinner at auteuil , which i fancy i am eating at this moment , in company with the most distinguished people in <unk> the rest with a certain procureur , whose acquaintance i did very wrong not to cultivate , for he would have been very useful to me just now ; —it was not you ,	61.68743896484375
in fact , who <unk> me for one or two millions , when the fatal discovery of my little secret took place . never closed . caderousse had taught him . . fellow reached the end of all he had ; he owed three quarters ’ rent , and they threatened to turn him out ; he begged for another week , which was granted to him . boy , ” said old dantès ; “ and heaven bless you in your wife , as it has blessed me in my son ! ” equal to all the requirements , for a canal between beaucaire and aiguemortes had <unk> <unk> by <unk> boats for the cart and the <unk> . ! ” , ” said the music teacher	80.8497085571289
, seating herself by the side of her friend . to the lowest degree , has his place on the social ladder , and is <unk> by stormy passions and conflicting interests , as in <unk> ’ theory of pressure and impulsion . only recall very bitter remembrances ; then we shall never be masters of three hundred pistoles to redeem it , so that we really should lose two hundred pistoles by the bargain . at eleven o ’ clock , your father has nearly three hundred thousand francs to pay ? ” for athos had the solemn voice and the powerful gesture of a judge sent by the lord himself . arms folded , near rita , who was still insensible . porthos the substance of	95.55973052978516
his interview with the cardinal , and said , taking the commission from his pocket , “ here , my friend , write your name upon it and become my chief . ” cried the president , “ what do you mean ? ” have ever the honor to go there , ” continued m. d ’ artagnan the elder , “ —an honor to which , remember , your ancient nobility gives you the <unk> worthily your name of gentleman , which has been worthily borne by your ancestors for five hundred years , both for your own sake and the sake of those who belong to you . ” far off , ” said porthos , “ for i confess she would <unk> me if she	52.62736892700195
were here . ” to allow me to go to a possible death without having given me at least something more than hope ? ” , we old soldiers , ” athos added , smiling . ” and looked at albert , while playing with some magnificent pistols . then , that at the day of the last judgment god will separate blind executioners from <unk> judges ? with a <unk> air than his . ” ’ said he , ‘ swear to perform what i am going to tell you , for it is a matter of the deepest importance . ’ ” replied château-renaud . ” said m. noirtier , stretching himself out at his ease in the chair . abbé reflected long and earnestly .	52.164825439453125
asking , ‘ where is the cardinal ? ’ ‘ what has become of the minister ? ’ ‘ where has the favorite gone ? ’ how they must be looking for monseigneur in all corners ! as he was to all the manners of a court , could not but perceive a little coldness in this reception . not mine , and i can not reveal it in this manner . ” locked her door , while louise fell on a chair . ; the king , the duc d ’ angoulême ; and the cardinal , m. de schomberg . you propose to do ? ” she , said at length ; “ come , speak . ” in attendance on the company . slept easily	60.5003547668457
. then , full of gratitude for the past and for the future ; and the worthy captain , who on his side felt a lively interest in this young man , so brave and so resolute , pressed his hand kindly , wishing him a pleasant journey . a cordial pressure of the hands , separated . madame . ” his pistol at aramis , fired . the vessel , the time she left marseilles , the course she had taken , and what was her cargo . a spoonful of preserves , and stuck his teeth into the <unk> pastry of mme . , whose extent it was impossible to determine , rays of light were visible . musketeers in public , and congratulated them in	76.52422332763672
private ; but as no time was to be lost in gaining the king , m. de tréville hastened to report himself at the louvre . champs-élysées that the count of monte cristo lived , and who , being answered by the porter in the affirmative , entered , closed the gate after him , and began to ascend the steps . to another of his exercises . ” a fowl ! ” formerly . i have heard is your custom . ” affection ; and certainly his handsome features , lit up as they then were with more than usual fire and animation , seemed formed to excite the innocent admiration with which she gazed on her graceful and intelligent lover . ? ” asked rochefort .	57.2207145690918
, so handsome , so elegant , so <unk> ” , but <unk> his mustache with a peculiar gesture which showed that his fine gascon humor was awake . in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties . villefort , “ you must lay aside these exalted ideas , which almost assume the appearance of madness . in the hands of guards who will take him into camp . ” the honor to tell your excellency . ” protect you ? said the king . <unk> or bravado in the manner of the accused . she summoned you this morning and that she told you to return at five o ’ clock . ” conversation which had just taken place between mercédès and himself had	46.32939147949219
awakened so many recollections in his heart that he felt it necessary to combat with them . has another name besides monte cristo ? ” but , it must be admitted , upon something <unk> different from ambition . his old place on the steps of saint eustache and was again distributing holy water with one hand and asking alms with the other . hundred pistoles for the <unk> ” which , upon a sign from grimaud , monsieur de beaufort had consented to play , began in the afternoon . is at hand ; have patience and courage and remember that in spite of time and absence all your friends continue to cherish for you the sentiments they have so long professed and truly entertained . ”	104.91751098632812
prisoners ? ” albert , whose courage revolted at the idea of being plundered <unk> , “ not make any resistance ! ” head and arms fell ; her legs bent under her , and she fell on her knees . in circumstances where everything must be risked for the sake of everything . will assist us . ” do not kill him . ” had been closed on morrel ’ s entrance , it was again opened for the count . , emptied his pockets , got together all his jewels , purses , aiguillettes , and gold chains , and offered them all to porthos ; but as to the sword , he said it was sealed to its place and should never quit it until	52.35971450805664
its master should himself quit his lodgings . ” cried the queen , on perceiving the two friends , “ you have come , faithful friends ! caderousse , shuddering . were <unk> with englishmen or germans . ” , ” said the king , who enjoyed the embarrassment to its full extent , but without guessing the cause . the greatest regard possible for you , ” said monte cristo . , money and tranquillity were restored to you , and you , who had been condemned to a <unk> ’ s life , might live as other men . d ’ artagnan , without doubt . to seat himself in an armchair , and placed before him the register and documents relative to the château d	50.76176071166992
’ if , giving him all the time he desired for the examination , while de boville seated himself in a corner , and began to read his newspaper . year came the expedition of <unk> . service , sir , ” said the abbé , with a marked italian accent . ” exclaimed raoul , fixing his glance on one point in the stream , splendidly illumined by the setting sun , “ a horse , a rider ! ” his mercy to punish but one person , has visited this justice on him alone . ” when he sees me leave you , he will come out . ” am ready to follow you . ” the morning trumpet the friends separated ; the musketeers hastening	46.743839263916016
to the hôtel of m. de tréville , the guards to that of m. dessessart . , madame danglars demanded , “ is this true ? ” quarter , my officer . ” ; but what do you do , count , with all these horses ? ” returning from his meeting with the count , perceived his father watching for his arrival behind a curtain , and turned aside . alexander vi . however , but a wine of the country . ” i think , be on her way to <unk> , must she not ? ” went to the place i directed . reddened by the burning sun , was seen against the azure sky . speak , ” said athos ; “ you know	50.67756271362305
he always has wise advice to give . ” , with clear blue eyes , rather deeply set ; his mouth , fine and well cut , remained motionless in its correct lines ; his chin , strongly marked , denoted that strength of will which in the ordinary <unk> type denotes mostly nothing but obstinacy ; a brow a little receding , as is proper for poets , enthusiasts , and soldiers , was scarcely shaded by short thin hair which , like the beard which covered the lower part of his face , was of a beautiful deep chestnut color . . ” was his daughter ’ s voice . his name ? ” , ” said albert , turning round ; “ will you allow	126.62873840332031
me , captain ? ” the cardinal . on , followed by the other coaches and about fifty horsemen . priest , ” said porthos , “ who has pity for <unk> . ” ’ s sit down to table and take something to strengthen us for the night . ” with attention the sapphire set with diamonds which had taken , on d ’ artagnan ’ s finger , the place of the queen ’ s ring , carefully kept in a casket . place , this woman i have described must be found who is desirous of avenging herself upon the duke . ” you begin . ” commission which i have intrusted to you ? ” at conversation with olivain he foresaw that many days	55.304412841796875
passed thus would prove exceedingly dull ; and the count ’ s agreeable voice , his gentle and persuasive eloquence , recurred to his mind at the various towns through which they journeyed and about which he had no longer any one to give him those interesting details which he would have drawn from athos , the most amusing and the best informed of guides . recognized the writing , and , since there were no details in it of what had occurred , asked for particulars . put in a dungeon . ” letter conveyed to me by lord de winter . , my friend ? ” she said . days to the italians . at you . ” mother , <unk> corsinari . ” wind ,	82.2494888305664
and in a few minutes they were at the gates of london . you when you have satisfied me of your right to question me . at the landing . ” a <unk> ; a horse <unk> and breaks his knees to the bone ; a horse eats out of a <unk> in which a <unk> horse has eaten . in the room that albert did not perceive the pallor that spread itself over the count ’ s visage , or the nervous heaving of his chest and shoulders . . porthos , opening his eyes in astonishment . , porthos , who had never doubted his friend ’ s assurance , turned back with him toward the castle . has been uttered . ” numerous . ”	46.28994369506836
ago , passing miraculously through the puritan army , and i took post horses with my servant tony ; the horses upon which we were mounted were bought in paris . ? ” him , ” cried the wounded man , “ if he still lives ; warn his friends , too . attempting violence ? ” king ’ s hand , but charles clasped his and pressed it to his heart . not understand ; what do you mean ? ” stammered the unhappy woman , completely overwhelmed . despatch reach you ? ” inquired the king . mazarin . , count , if i knew less of you , i should think that you were less brave than you are . ” born ; i answer	61.885189056396484
. found myself utterly destitute , i thought my old friends would , perhaps , assist me . course , i track its passage ; i adopt the wisdom of the ancients , and feel my way , for my friendship for your family and my respect for you are as a twofold bandage over my eyes ; well—— ” and duchess of orleans , the tall young mademoiselle and the abbé de la <unk> ; and the third , the duke de longueville and the prince de conti , brother and brother-in-law of condé . <unk> , and drawing up his ladder passed it over the wall ; then he began to descend , or rather to <unk> down by the two <unk> , which he did	73.91255187988281
with an ease which proved how accustomed he was to the exercise . only girded on his sword , wrapped himself in his cloak , and went straight to buckingham palace . expanded ; he knew albert had insulted the count dreadfully , and that in every country in the world such an insult would lead to a deadly duel . on . ” ? d ’ artagnan , who began to understand . ? didn ’ t you reply ? ” dates volume chapters 1 the three musketeers <unk> <unk> 1 2 twenty years after <unk> <unk> 2 3 the vicomte de bragelonne 2609 <unk> 3 <unk> 4 ten years later 2681 1660–1661 3 <unk> 5 louise de la valliere <unk> <unk> 3 <unk> 6 the man	119.61815643310547
in the iron mask <unk> <unk> 3 <unk> albert ; “ let us <unk> love him . ” the messenger with all the <unk> of enthusiasm . . said valentine to the young man , who was regarding her with the most intense interest , “ my grandfather , m. noirtier , had a thousand things to say , which he told me three days ago ; and now , he has sent for you , that i may repeat them to you . because you know , that although i esteem him from my heart i am a little <unk> by the comte de la fere ; but it is understood that what i offer you i offer him at the same time . king , his	35.15176010131836
degradation and his murder . ” persons who have the key to that door , ” murmured morrel , “ cocles and julie . ” ! ” this is very <unk> <unk> allow ; but , as i am very hungry , pray allow me to eat . them here today on your account . and understood them , and exclaiming , “ my mother ! ” he threw his arms around her neck . count , “ i know who he is , gentlemen ; will you return to the salon ? an hour or two ; he had accompanied his wife to the place of her confinement , or else at least to the first relay . custody , ” answered villefort ; “ and rely	47.41136169433594
upon it , if the letter is found , he will not be likely to be trusted abroad again , unless he goes forth under the especial protection of the headsman . ” long , but would not show his grief before the people . that certain of his guests had talked mysteriously , that letters had passed from hand to hand and that the assembly had seemed to have a secret purpose quite apart from the literary discussion carried on with so much <unk> . i invited them to a dinner the next day , ” replied aramis . arrest me ? ” down his throat , and this remedy which had before been so <unk> to him , produced the same effect as formerly . <unk>	105.94206237792969
is our <unk> <unk> of our father ! misgivings of the young man , for seeing that they continued to advance toward the <unk> he had till then <unk> pulled his master by the skirt of his coat . at three , and the clock of st. jean had struck three quarters past two . was going by . in their graves , rise no more . ” the count , “ it is no longer in my power to restore you to happiness , but i offer you consolation ; will you deign to accept it as coming from a friend ? ” i was in prison ? ” it ; the thing is impossible . ” who would be honored by joining in the sport with	57.7806510925293
me . ” a moment when they left me alone ; and as i had known since morning the reason of my abduction , with the help of the sheets i let myself down from the window . ! ” said morrel ; “ what do you mean ? ” kindness also to awaken monsieur du vallon and to say ’ tis by his eminence ’ s order , and that i shall await him at the stables . ” who alone recognized you has been the only one to comprehend you ; and had she crossed your path , and you had crushed her like glass , still , edmond , still she must have admired you ! the story now ? ” ” said m. d	55.859683990478516
’ avrigny , “ show yourself a man ; as an interpreter of the law , do honor to your profession by sacrificing your selfish interests to it . ” you dine at the table d ’ <unk> of the hôtel des princes , or the café de paris . stairs he found planchet in a great fright . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ this is your brother , madeleine ; you don ’ t know him perhaps , but i know him ; he has arrived from <unk> . i don ’ t know . dose has been double , the poison changed , and that this time it has succeeded . and in return gave caderousse the diamond . knew that at her	49.610923767089844
return from a fruitless journey it would be in vain to tell him of her imprisonment , in vain to <unk> upon the sufferings she had undergone . remained for some time apart , each absorbed in grief ; but at length the two poor victims of the same blow raised their eyes , and with a simultaneous burst of feeling rushed into each other ’ s arms . which you will find waiting at the porte de <unk> , as you enter nice ; pass through turin , chambéry , and pont-de-beauvoisin . , ” replied the notary ; “ on the contrary , the meaning of m. noirtier is quite evident to me , and i can quite easily <unk> the train of ideas passing in	79.10972595214844
his mind . ” the queen . help of either valentine or the domestic in order to carry on with his father the strange conversation which he was about to begin . he with him ? ” you follow the instructions i am about to give you . ” of the garden , where she was attentively watching penelon , who , entering with zeal into his profession of gardener , was very busy grafting some <unk> roses . thing for him . ” use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . tell captain gaumard of his good luck , and to offer him employment from his new master . and	69.56562042236328
figure of teresa , and teresa was as handsome as carmela . should wait for felton till ten o ’ clock ; if he did not return by ten o ’ clock she was to sail . . ” . ” said the gendarme , “ a governor , a garrison , turnkeys , and good thick walls . bandits are the shepherds who live between the city and the mountains , between civilized and savage life . no ! hundred thousand <unk> , italians , strangers from all parts of the world , the united aristocracy of birth , wealth , and genius . any accident ; on descending , the queen found the prince awaiting her , <unk> , to offer her his hand . and	61.053619384765625
never shall i forget it , ” returned peppino , with an accent of profound gratitude . me , and even were i obliged to yield to the populace she would yield with me ; if i fly , she will fly ; and then we shall see how the rebels will get on without either king or queen . the gascon . say ? have a prisoner , ” said athos , pointing to raoul . you lose your balance , and we shall both be dashed to pieces . ” we have an account to settle with him , and that it is not our custom to leave a place without paying our debts , of this kind , at least . ” she , “	36.03807830810547
he has well played his part . ” his part , entered boldly at the principal gate . buckingham ! ” cried felton , in a high state of excitement . then , and go ! , you disguise yourself as a servant , and yet keep a diamond on your finger worth four or five thousand francs . ” morrel , with a glance full of bitter reproach , “ do you think it possible that i could be ? ” s hand , and in her irresistible impulse of joy carried it to her lips . husband , the life of lord de winter in his hands and did not kill him , by which i missed three hundred thousand livres ’ income . ” assured	51.31332015991211
that the inheritance had neither profited the borgias nor the family , but had remained <unk> like the treasures of the arabian nights , which slept in the bosom of the earth under the eyes of the <unk> . inform him that it is his turn to sign , ” cried danglars to one of the <unk> . and observed everything . ” king ; above the king there is god ! ’ mademoiselle eugénie yesterday ? one of his descendants , and a great friend of mine ; he is a very rich englishman , eccentric almost to insanity , and his real name is lord wilmore . ” that means . ” i am coming to it . ” i have one request to make to	65.3525619506836
you , which you will understand , even if it should be disagreeable to you . ” ball took off his enemy ’ s hat . all this to turn a head only twenty-three years old , and mme . adventure so singular that he wished for counsel . heaven , explain yourself ! ” and daughter , pressed emmanuel ’ s hand with friendly warmth , and then going to his private room on the second floor had sent for cocles . one of my <unk> is all i can say when i am asked why i praise it . abbé , “ listen to what i have to say . ” , my lord , have you brought me here to get my <unk> out of	48.87611770629883
me ? ” , and are able to give me advice ; yet i repeat to you , albert , be prudent . ” , and i will content myself with the rest , if they will only give me my liberty . ” was not at home , ” repeated the valet . ” cried danglars , “ we are not returning to rome ; then it is not justice which is pursuing me ! pleasure , this noble and sincere countenance , on which every sentiment his tongue uttered was depicted , adding by the expression of his fine features all that coloring adds to a sound and faithful drawing . from him for whom she has sacrificed everything ! a piece of furniture ; and	65.84905242919922
milady saw , with the joy of a demon , that his strength would fail him perhaps before the end of her recital . instant , and during that time he scanned the young man even more attentively than he had done at first . language ! to-night ; let us withdraw . the resolution of believing for the present all that was said of their past , hoping for more certain and extended revelations in the future . château came to me yesterday to beg for leave of absence , in order to take a trip to <unk> for a week . well enough as the production of a human composer , sung by <unk> bipeds , to quote the late diogenes . ” where is that	94.03995513916016
? ” angel whom you hoped for has left this <unk> has nothing more to do with the adoration of men . in the united states , you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . strong inward effort , like a man who , in the full relation of a falsehood , finds himself stopped by some unforeseen obstacle ; but the eyes of his three companions were fixed upon him , their ears were wide open , and there were no means of retreat . leave you . ” , and it may astonish you , that in order to accomplish a plan which is dearer to me than life i have only lord de winter	37.18144607543945
, the friend of twenty years , and you , gentlemen , whom i see for the first time and whom i know but as my countrymen . ” had been humiliated by the cardinal , whose police , without having yet attained the perfection of the modern police , were excellent , being better informed than himself , even upon what was going on in his own household . took possession of the little garden . , i would rather die <unk> than have anything to say to such a confessor . , ” said the servant , “ but the housemaid is in mademoiselle valentine ’ s room : perhaps she has emptied them . ” his elbow leaning on the column , and was reading	53.448917388916016
with his back turned to the arcades , through the openings of which the new-comers contemplated him . ” said morrel ; “ but i shall say , like the spaniard , ‘ he has not been so brave today as he was yesterday . ’ ” infernal influence ; but i will save him . england was an island , and that you were the king of it . ” ” said athos , assuming in advance a critical look . ” dear aramis , thought sometimes of those happy , happy , happy days of youth we passed laughing , drinking , and fighting each other for play ? ” and quietly awaited the arrival of the notary . , and brilliant sunshine disappeared ; the	64.06632232666016
heavens were hung with black , and the gigantic structure of the château d ’ if seemed like the phantom of a mortal enemy . grating that guarded the royal tombs and stood on the <unk> step , whilst athos and raoul descended . ; he demands your head . ’ dead , let fall his head and disappeared . brought the letter ? ” take care ! ” said aramis , “ is the treaty proposed by the deputation of frondeurs . , are candles which <unk> in size from the pascal taper to the <unk> , and which give to each actor in the great final scene of the carnival two very serious <unk> to <unk> with , <unk> , how to keep his own _moccoletto_	92.02838897705078
alight ; and secondly , how to extinguish the _moccoletti_ of others . porthos , casting a glance at the three hungry <unk> the errand boy , as might be expected , was not admitted to the honors of the magisterial table , “ in my cousin ’ s place , i would not keep such <unk> ! ; that is another matter . rise from his seat and go towards the door , as though to ascertain if his horse were sufficiently refreshed to continue his journey , caderousse and his wife exchanged looks of deep meaning . “ marie michon ” morrel . may be dangerously <unk> even . ” forgotten the night in which you served me as an escort to the red dovecot .	83.02590942382812
morning gown , but it became her still ; for , like diana of <unk> and <unk> , anne of austria enjoyed the privilege of remaining ever beautiful ; nevertheless , this morning she looked handsomer than usual , for her eyes had all the sparkle inward satisfaction adds to expression . the small cup which contained the substance so <unk> , took a teaspoonful of the magic sweetmeat , raised it to his lips , and swallowed it slowly with his eyes half shut and his head bent <unk> . of this prejudice was the friendship of anne of austria for mme . , he might have been contented with this new conquest ; but the principal features of his character were ambition and pride . slipped	128.97833251953125
along the barrel of the <unk> weapon , and passed through the thigh of the assassin , who fell . for the dogs , ” said monte cristo . another , ” said d ’ artagnan . raised his head , and the forms of two persons became visible to the old man ’ s eyes . the gascon ; “ he looks displeased . window of a little hut , they showed me a woman sitting , leaning on a table , and said , ‘ there is the person to be executed . ’ ” travel , and they did it amid torrents of rain . madame , it is necessary that your friends should be also mine . ” ” that is , perhaps ,	35.81730270385742
somewhat too hasty ; but i have <unk> to repress it . comminges he rejoined d ’ artagnan , who instantly put himself at the head of his troop , followed by the cardinal , guitant and the rest of the escort . he said , “ only , shall i enter the chamber where those gentlemen are ? ” though hardly two-and-twenty , had great influence over his father . to relate all that had passed . , ” said de guiche ; “ it will be the surest plan . ” were you thinking about when i came in ? ” an executioner would have wished to fill that horrible office ? ” ” said fernand , restraining him , “ stay ! may catch him	51.068260192871094
yet . ” morning . ” carriage i shuddered ; soon i heard steps on the staircase , which terrified me as much as the footsteps of the commander did don juan . . gondy , “ she is going to yield . ” ! terrible imprecations . will wait for me at armentières ? ” him , but without success . ” replace the diamond in the ring , ’ said la carconte sharply . married , he shall come and live with us , instead of one child , he shall have two . ? ” dantès rose and looked forward , when he saw rise within a hundred yards of him the black and frowning rock on which stands the château d ’ if .	75.97220611572266
i thank you ; now leave us alone , mr. felton . ” , monsieur , and had succeeded to the business of my poor father . , impatient , as has been said , had come by forced marches , and had that moment arrived with all his household and a reinforcement of ten thousand troops . good remembrance of what the youth had been , and was now to find out what the man had become . to your house and has left this for you , saying that the letter was important and must be given to you before you left . ” you have a noble heart ! ” exclaimed the queen , with a burst of gratitude ; whilst lord de winter turned	60.56281661987305
to her with a glance which said , “ did i not answer for them ? ” have you been ill during my absence ? ” , ” cried bonacieux , who saw he had taken a false step , “ that is to say— ” , ” said mazarin . advancing toward the square , and the moment the coadjutor and the curate put their feet on the first church step the mendicant arose and proffered his brush . ten or twelve days ago . restless , suspicious cardinal think of her <unk> cardinal , not merely her only support , her only prop , her only protector at present , but still further , the principal instrument of her future fortune and vengeance ? man forgot	77.50391387939453
his habitual <unk> threw himself on his father ’ s neck . at vampa ’ s torch . . angle of the gateway , so that if the porter chanced to awake he might see but one person . monsieur , it is not with you that i have anything to do ; it is with madame . ” ” said the young girl , who at the sound of the carriage had run downstairs and whose face was radiant with joy at seeing the count return safely . up ; by good luck it had not been extinguished . ” returned morrel , who could not refrain from smiling through his tears , “ where is the captain ? ” to float before me , and gradually	49.73206329345703
i fell into a deep , heavy slumber . upon occasion . ” went out , while planchet was sent to inquire if there were not three horses for sale in the neighborhood . i converse with her ? ” said albert , in a low tone to monte cristo . sombre reflections by his host , who rushed into the apartment crying out , “ the spaniards ! julie , “ might we not almost fancy , emmanuel , that those people , so rich , so happy but yesterday , had forgotten in their prosperity that an evil <unk> the wicked fairies in <unk> ’ s stories who present themselves <unk> at a wedding or <unk> over them , and appeared all at once to revenge	80.2159423828125
himself for their fatal neglect ? ” ” said athos to aramis , “ we were to have slept here , but we can not —we must push on. ” they rode forward and reached abbeville . priest , who had gone to bed , cried out to them to come in . politics are those which bear fruit . on the linen ? ” said monte cristo . company , ” said mordaunt , <unk> . he has a great influence over his <unk> ? ” depths of the inner cavern . ! of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.f.3 , this work is provided to you ‘ as-is ’ , with no other warranties of any kind , express or implied , including but	58.107208251953125
not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for any purpose . advantage of waking the porter ? ” if i am ready . ” your wishes , grandpapa ? ” said valentine , addressing noirtier . speak of it ; on the contrary , let us speak of it ! was not on terms of strict intimacy with eugénie . ” should i regret what gives you pleasure ? ” been two or three days in paris , but he already knows what a fashionable woman of the marais is , and if he does not , you will show him . ” killing glances at mademoiselle danglars , and by sighs launched in the same direction . hour , till the horses were covered with foam	56.18966293334961
and dust . them to some eastern vizier , who will empty his coffers to purchase them , and <unk> them by applying the <unk> to his subjects . ” supper , and took his million . hour after the scene we have just described , she heard someone speaking in a low voice at the door . wholly past recall ? teach me the way in which a man of spirit may obtain his pardon . ? ” said porthos . ” the help we <unk> chance ? ” resumed morrel . monsieur cardinal , ” said the king ; “ and as to loving me much , i have my own opinion as to that love . ” cristo . ” of a treachery ? ”	59.902320861816406
to your idea , then , my brain is turned . , will raise this <unk> of marble and a passage will be opened . ” young woman , who made him a sign to follow her . there for your outfit , i think you said . ” his jailer recoil with horror , dashed himself furiously against the walls of his prison , <unk> his anger upon everything , and chiefly upon himself , so that the least thing , —a grain of sand , a straw , or a breath of air that annoyed him , led to paroxysms of fury . require luxuries ; besides , i know what travelling is . ” festival of your marriage ? ” said the deputy , shuddering	74.9161148071289
in spite of himself . a gendarme . from , my dear count ? ” said albert . civilization have originated wants , vices , and false tastes , which occasionally become so powerful as to stifle within us all good feelings , and ultimately to lead us into guilt and wickedness . , “ the engagement is broken off . ” his nature , my dear d ’ artagnan . ? ” these ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . that ? ” at this language , to which she was not accustomed from her courtiers , argued from it a happy omen of the zeal with which d ’ artagnan would serve her in the accomplishment of her project . bonacieux his name , age ,	68.08698272705078
condition , and abode . the <unk> boy is leading . ” formed a circle . danglars , whom fernand seemed most anxious to avoid , had joined him in a corner of the room . madame bonacieux ; i tell you i belong to the queen ! ” cried the unfortunate woman . overwhelmed the coachman with every <unk> he could lay hands on . rich . ” he knows the waxlight , slipped it into his pocket , and taking up the lantern : “ now , ” he said , “ for monsieur de la fere . ” once more , sending this threat : “ to our next meeting , sirs , in england . ” ” said madame de villefort , “ that	52.69697952270508
valentine is in league with him ? of himself , took the letter , which was in a large , coarse hand and not particular for its orthography . first met him and fought against him ; and in that war zaccone had been taken prisoner , sent to england , and consigned to the <unk> , whence he had escaped by swimming . know what it was . at this question . , saw the two young women , and without stopping , waved his hand in a friendly way to milady . i ask no better , ” cried bonacieux ; “ i shall not be sorry to see the face of an acquaintance . ” that foolish girl , who pretends to wish to speak	55.67662048339844
to me , not come into my study ? said two words to mordaunt in this little desert . , and the count of spada in his poverty . and evidently thoughtful . ? ” stopped at the idea , i hope ? ” ; but now he ’ s as gentle as a lamb and sings gascon songs , which make one die of laughing . ” the next thing was to find planchet . gentlemen , ’ cried i , ‘ what do you want ? ’ ‘ you must have a ladder ? ’ said he who appeared to be the leader of the party . then . ” his fortune mentioned ? ” cigars , m. de morcerf . ” <unk> possessions to be	62.063087463378906
a count . ” danglars , becoming very pale , how you are running on ! ” , i will do my best . there , and were playing together . officer , ‘ do not disturb yourselves ; allow me time just to kill this gentleman , and i will return and finish the last couplet . ’ confound the two , eugénie . ” by the faith of a gentleman ! ” said d ’ artagnan , with an accent so truthful that no one could mistake it . that plan was not sure enough ; he might go out by one gate and return by another . ” the materials for making this wonderful work ? ” makes linen as smooth and as easy to	59.56124496459961
write on as parchment . ” he . ; the house may be watched . turned towards the cemetery , where he felt sure of finding morrel . eminence has been making fresh complaints against your musketeers , and that with so much emotion , that this evening his eminence is indisposed ? the count de guiche , the prince , having in mind the direction whence came the sound of cannon , had understood everything . . aramis received the following letter : during this nocturnal survey . danglars . groslow came . tent , lit a lamp , and while planchet stood at the entrance that the four friends might not be surprised , d ’ artagnan , with a trembling hand , broke the seal	67.86822509765625
and opened the so anxiously expected letter . with much impatience , for she feared the day would pass away without her seeing felton again . till the hour for dinner . to come . ” rule over society there , and who constitute what in france we call the government , are really <unk> and <unk> , who not only pardon a poisoner , but even make him a prime minister , if his crime has been an ingenious one , and who , under such circumstances , have the whole story written in letters of gold , to divert their hours of <unk> and _ennui_ . ” coward , ” cried olivain , “ because he wanted the other day to fight a cornet in grammont	110.57174682617188
’ s regiment and i refused to accompany him . ” , was quite conversant with all aristocratic intrigues , amid which she had constantly lived for five or six years . this shadow was recognized as morrel , who , with his coat buttoned up to his throat , his face livid , and convulsively crushing his hat between his fingers , leaned against a tree , situated on an elevation commanding the mausoleum , so that none of the funeral details could escape his observation . ” cried dantès , his eyes sparkling with animation ; “ pray mind what you say , for you are touching on the most secret wishes of my heart . ’ artagnan , the other porthos . count , husbands	70.7804946899414
are pretty much the same everywhere ; an individual husband of any country is a pretty fair specimen of the whole race . ” departing ; then the door of the closet in which d ’ artagnan was , was opened , and mme . are as well off as we wish . ” friend , to himself ! ? ” said louise . small staff . of the king you mean that of monsieur de mazarin , we do not understand each other . ” , it ’ s nothing ! ” said milady . sympathetic devotion which jacopo had from the first bestowed on edmond , the latter was moved to a certain degree of affection . close . sir , and do not forget the	48.29185104370117
prescription . ” plundered , were they ? ” cried the marquise . and you returned it ; that ’ s like good neighbors , and we are quits . ” athos , waiting till d ’ artagnan , who went to thank monsieur de tréville , had shut the door , “ besides , there is that beautiful ring which beams from the finger of our friend . said the englishman . <unk> a single detail of this fearful scene escaped them . , we are all in cash , ” said d ’ artagnan . minutes , during which danglars did not exchange a single word with his guide , he found himself between a hillock and a clump of high weeds ; three men ,	40.43745040893555
standing silent , formed a <unk> , of which he was the centre . had kept from prudence and that they might believe her seriously wounded , burned her like a bed of fire . ” said d ’ artagnan , comprehending the slight frown of the musketeer . the old chateau the first person seen by our ambassador was maitre bernouin in person , who , standing on the threshold , awaited news of his vanished master . say , monsieur ? , nothing more . pride of danglars , but this evening he took no notice of them . intercept a correspondence between chalais and the archduke , and even then , when i was discovered i was nearly torn to pieces . , “ you	77.5230941772461
only know your dull and gloomy faubourg saint-germain ; do not pay any attention to him , <unk> in the chaussée d ’ antin , that ’ s the real centre of paris . ” use . ” disturbed , ” cried the host ; “ here are two english gentlemen just arrived . ” do not keep me starving here any longer , but tell me what they want . ” fell into one of those reveries so habitual with her . know that i do not like worldly pleasures . ” a suppliant air , but without venturing to speak a word . much ! the young people whom valentine ’ s death had struck like a thunderbolt , and who , notwithstanding the <unk> <unk>	56.62968826293945
of the season , could not refrain from paying a last tribute to the memory of the beautiful , chaste , and adorable girl , thus cut off in the flower of her youth . you . <unk> fernand , whose crime she did not know , and whom she regarded as her brother . heaven ! ” , my brave fellow ? ” said athos . door was open , and having no occasion to ring he entered . ... .. ... ... ... ... .. ... ... .. 35 . , that it was the shorter and easier part . for from a chemist ’ s that i have not examined ? ” did not require twice bidding ; they unfastened the two horses that were	60.2010383605957
waiting at the door , leaped upon them , buried their spurs in their sides , and set off at full gallop . old soldiers the evening before a battle is a serious time ; it was so with greater reason to two young men who were about to witness for the first time that terrible spectacle . fact to make all the ladies in paris court his notice , and that is , that he has come to take up his abode in paris for a year , during which brief period he proposes to spend six millions of money . disguised it will be almost easy . ” to kill me , and i pardoned her ; but she murdered the woman i loved . to	54.97056198120117
you all my life . ” danglars , “ that bed is probably one of the coffins hollowed in the wall , and the sleep i shall enjoy will be death from one of the poniards i see glistening in the darkness . ” . ” , ” said he , “ what there is in that small vase , can you ? ” kind of advanced guard , and the door was kept by the three french attendants , commanded by myrtho . much if i were poor , would you not , maximilian ? ” was in his element ; and , unwilling to interfere with the pleasure he so evidently felt , took up albert ’ s glass , and began in his turn to	57.0904426574707
survey the audience . eyes remained fixed on the door . i existed when it was arranged by your two families that you should be united . , of whom the <unk> are the successors , ” continued the jesuit ; “ <unk> <unk> the fingers . ! ” accompany me ? ” , the captain ’ s name is roger and the skiff is called the lightning . ; there ’ s one way of settling this , ” said jacopo . the attention of franz was attracted by the actors ; and his eyes turned from the box containing the greek girl and her strange companion to watch the business of the stage . pay his <unk> court to her ; and the self-satisfied gascon was	69.21954345703125
convinced that sooner or later she could not fail to respond . room . hanged . ” , bowed gracefully to albert , and extended her hand with cordial kindness to franz ; then , inviting albert to take the vacant seat beside her , she recommended franz to take the next best , if he wished to view the ballet , and pointed to the one behind her own chair . ” said villefort with marked uneasiness , “ do not disturb yourself . ” with the sarcastic calmness of the <unk> , strong at once by power and genius , “ you should not have allowed yourself to be taken . ” she was twice married , once in france , the second time in england	73.81389617919922
. ” i am , ” cried valentine , sobbing , “ i will give up all , even my dear old grandfather , whom i had nearly forgotten . ” a sort of excitement which she could not quite understand , had crossed edward ’ s room without noticing some trick of the child , and through her own had reached the little staircase . —in an hour lens will be in the enemy ’ s possession . to complain of him . ” ” said monte cristo , “ family griefs , or indeed any other affliction which would crush a man whose child was his only treasure , are endurable to a millionaire . ” gently replied haydée ; “ i love the life you	58.36320877075195
have made so sweet to me , and i should be sorry to die . ” pickaxe , dantès , after the manner of a <unk> <unk> , dug a mine between the upper rock and the one that supported it , filled it with powder , then made a match by rolling his handkerchief in <unk> . faith of a minister . ” palace , loud cries of “ long live their majesties ! ” resounded . , ” said caderousse , briskly . let us sup . ” , disappointed , and drawing his sword d ’ artagnan turned to his adversary : andrea , deeply affected . no , my brother , ” said she ; “ the sacrifice is too great , and i	44.4654426574707
feel what it must cost you . , ask for the brig <unk> , and give this letter to the captain ; he will convey you to a little port , where certainly you are not expected , and which is ordinarily only frequented by fishermen . ” the sketch he had made for their escape . observing him and guessing his thoughts , took his arm and led him into the garden . , ” continued he , “ here he is ; you won ’ t forget the boy , sir . ” the cardinal , “ your commands to the most respectful of your servants . ” his neighbor had really ceased to work . the remorse he feels in his heart . monte cristo	46.03730392456055
, “ that is a prejudice on your part , m. de villefort , for which i am quite at a loss to account . ” chapter 16 . assured himself that he could neither be seen nor heard , and was consequently relieved of doubts , he said : provided that the place which you shall choose has iron shutters secured by padlocks and a door that can be locked . ” his strange story : you must allow that this is most extraordinary , ” said the astonished notary , turning to m. de villefort . wine that has got into your head , is it not ? benedetto , his eyes sparkling with joy . when you were walking in the garden , and ,	62.472442626953125
on my honor , without at all wishing to depreciate the beauty of mademoiselle danglars , i can not understand how any man can really love her . ” ” asked porthos . me that dispatch . ” ” said d ’ artagnan . opening for a man to pass through . cardinal ’ s guards ? ” , mamma , don ’ t you remember ? ” interposed edward , “ and i pulled three such beautiful feathers out of his tail . ” is all . ” me ? ” the queen , biting her lips , whilst her courtiers looked at each other with surprise , “ what is the desire of my people ? ” god save me , or let me perish for	39.37360763549805
my god ! the carriage . friends , i can tell you that . ” shall prosecute my search for that unfortunate woman ! ” bazin , and places confidence in nobody but him ; any other person would fail . that the charming traveler was—— ” the originator of the project gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone . man gave rise to a prolonged sensation . pale ; he was wounded in his <unk> : he thought that it was in his <unk> . ” interrupted aramis , raising his voice , “ bishop juxon , the faithful knight of christ , obedient to your majesty ’ s wishes . ” days i heard him walking about as	62.40170669555664
usual , but , on the fourth i heard nothing . if it be true , ” cried the young man , “ he shall pay me all i have suffered . ” so , ” at length said eugénie ; “ return by the same road you came , and we will say nothing about you , unhappy wretch . ” as i have told you , it was too late . ” , now they have muskets . your mind when you shall be there yourself ? ” , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and if there had not been a postscript , probably i should not have understood it ; but happily there is a postscript . ” his appearance , looking in	29.941679000854492
every direction to see if he were observed , but he saw no one . if , in demanding my signature , you leave me entirely free in my person ? ” above vulgar desires and earthly passions . not prevent his asking , with the greatest coolness , after his majesty ’ s health . of honor should answer another , tell me fairly , shall you pay these with the same punctuality ? ” half-past twelve o ’ clock madame danglars had ordered her horses , and had left home in the carriage . ! ” replied porthos . these worldly ideas ; were you a priest i should not dare tell you that , but you are a man , and you know mankind .	67.26850128173828
am mistaken , for you have always been a good <unk> . is satisfied , let him be free . ” how i have missed him , the great simpleton . to the project gutenberg™ license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work . me to give orders in your name throughout this business ? ” doubt , the bankrupt was in the hands of roman banditti . of ten such men . ” are not guilty toward me , and i have already pardoned you . ” ” said the countess , “ and my fears are weakness , especially when directed against a man who has saved your life . him , ” replied friquet	36.54384994506836
, screaming with all his might , “ that there is a whole regiment of guards coming this way . said ; “ today is the 5th of september , is it not ? ” we are going from here to the palais royal ? ” lord , i will tell all that i have seen . the man in the red cloak remained standing alone in the middle of the room . is a worthy <unk> ” he left the porter to ponder on these words , not knowing which most to admire , the master or the servant . boy ! ” . monte cristo “ do you not know any cause for this hatred ? ” storm which <unk> within her doubled her strength ,	43.95857620239258
and she would have burst the walls of her prison if her body had been able to take for a single instant the proportions of her mind . ; his teeth chattered like those of a man under a violent attack of fever , and yet he was deadly pale . lost a word of the conversation , took his two companions by the hand , and led them to the other end of the room . with astonishment on the young man , who , almost a stranger to him , called noirtier his father . ” resumed maximilian , “ i can only say again that you are right . convulsions of death and expired . go so far that we shall be obliged to send	41.03853225708008
them to the bastille . ” felton , “ i wish to know . ” mysterious affair , ” said villefort , “ and the <unk> have hitherto escaped detection , although suspicion has fallen on the head of more than one person . ” , enter it , my dear d ’ épinay , for you will soon be numbered as one of the family . one , and we shall have at <unk> least , i hope <unk> benefactors of humanity . ” ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ to pass the night with m. groslow . when i was young , i speak english like an englishman , and aramis , too , knows something of the language . at the stern ; the	38.920345306396484
officer requested her to sit down upon this cloak , and placed himself beside her . retired . ? ” becomes a man accustomed to look his enemies in the face . ” achieved before i grow old . ” dance the young girl had glanced at luigi , and each time she saw that he was pale and that his features were agitated , once even the blade of his knife , half drawn from its sheath , had dazzled her eyes with its sinister glare . exclaimed , “ here is my answer . on deck , as the boat was about to double the island of elba . , idiot ; gold is worth five sous . ” to 900,000 . over the pale lips	66.36538696289062
of milady . the neighborhood ? navigation saw plainly that if any accident had occurred , it was not to the vessel herself , for she bore down with all the evidence of being skilfully handled , the anchor <unk> , the <unk> <unk> already <unk> off , and standing by the side of the pilot , who was <unk> the _pharaon_ towards the narrow entrance of the inner port , was a young man , who , with activity and vigilant eye , watched every motion of the ship , and repeated each direction of the pilot . of his character was the search for adventures and a love of romance . for mousqueton to come to him . ” said athos , “ perhaps they do	62.52814483642578
not recognize your majesty ’ s voice , and await the order of their captain . ” your trunks . ” , and they will start . ” , and the recollection of what they had seen half an hour before was gradually effaced from the young men ’ s minds , so much were they occupied by the gay and glittering procession they now beheld . several seconds . us more severely when they come suddenly . ” a plan . . dine , ” suggested porthos . i do not doubt your eminence ’ s <unk> ” , ’ said caderousse . mademoiselle paulet , bitterly , “ he ! hark ! said richelieu , “ receive my thanks for the good guard you have kept	52.38517761230469
. world by <unk> , or through <unk> and <unk> ? for all those soft recollections you endeavor to recall ? palace to congratulate the queen on the battle of lens , determined beforehand to act with or against the court , as his congratulations were well or ill received . d ’ artagnan , “ the people want to see the king and they must see him . ” , and , with an indignant expression of pride and modest fear , exclaimed : ” the profits from this stone belongs to us then , does it not ? ” asked caderousse . with a sigh . in it . ” pardon to the vizier ali , and not only gives him his life , but restores	72.2242660522461
to him his fortune and his <unk> ’ my mother uttered a cry of joy , and clasped me to her bosom . was with me he kept me up ; but he is gone and can no longer send us news of himself , either to me or to your father . ” replied athos ; “ and your bitter recollections have time to change themselves into sweet remembrances . ” , confirm her in her opinion ; it will be easy for you , as you have the philosophy of the one and the wit of the other . ” the rapidity with which the blessings of this world leave us . ’ t know me ? ” he arose , and followed valentine , who	53.37706756591797
was running downstairs with the joy of a shipwrecked mariner who finds a rock to cling to . , “ help , reverend sir , help ! ” this blow has been to produce an ordinary grief , and you would cure it by an ordinary <unk> of <unk> ” and morrel dropped his head with disdainful incredulity . going mad , bertuccio , ” said the count coldly . you ’ ll find the word in <unk> . ” not know . be quite retired ? your future prospects , ” replied noirtier ; “ yes , i can easily comprehend that . so , d ’ artagnan ? ” me to console , at one and the same time , the man who could not be	58.399314880371094
a father , and the prisoner who could not get free . ” ” had chosen his place for listening at his ease . the count , and we shall soon know who he is . ” of a wild beast that <unk> its prey , and his lips , half opened , disclosed his white teeth , small and sharp like those of a jackal . said d ’ artagnan . four days ago and we have reason to believe that he has reached paris before us . ” successor of st. peter , and represents the three divine powers ; the <unk> <unk> the <unk> <unk> bless in the name of the holy <unk> and angels . one son , but two ; then , monsieur	53.79269790649414
de coligny was killed , and—— ” of a pistol and of a sword which louvieres had given him , had organized a company of rogues like himself and was making a tremendous <unk> . to visit madame de chevreuse ? ” yes , i bless you in my own name , and in the name of three generations of irreproachable men , who say through me , ‘ the edifice which misfortune has destroyed , providence may build up again. ’ on seeing me die such a death , the most inexorable will have pity on you . his right hand , danglars at his left ; while , at a sign from edmond , the rest of the company ranged themselves as they found it most	95.26628112792969
agreeable . ’ t know that . with that wretched sum , ” continued andrea , “ i could obtain a coat , and a room in which to receive the illustrious visitor i am daily expecting . ” i shall be more calm . ” style of writing is very good . ” you , my friend . bag and rushed from the inner room where he was sleeping . albert be not so rich as mademoiselle danglars , ” said the count , “ you must allow that he has a fine name ? ” disturb me in the exercise of my functions ? ” asked the beadle . set about it . , who , during this dialogue , had sat gravely plucking the partridges	51.63766098022461
with the air of a man proud of his office , and asked him how these men had landed , as no vessel of any kind was visible . , nevertheless , i heard , ’ he said ; ‘ and your <unk> saw the light of day , i presume ? ’ , with long curls falling in profusion over her shoulders , had large , blue , languishing eyes , rosy lips , and hands of alabaster . would have died before assistance could have been procured . a huge black dog came rushing to meet the daring <unk> of his ordinarily tranquil abode , <unk> and displaying his sharp white teeth with a determined hostility that abundantly proved how little he was accustomed to society	138.7696075439453
. and imprinted a kiss on it ; but she herself felt that it was a kiss of no greater warmth than he would have bestowed on the hand of some marble statue of a saint . , ” said d ’ artagnan , crossing swords . , who never had one . ” in the circle of the musketeers , to win in one night three thousand pistoles ; to lose them even to the <unk> belt for gala days , win all this again with the addition of a hundred louis , without his beautiful eyebrow being heightened or lowered half a line , without his hands losing their pearly hue , without his conversation , which was cheerful that evening , ceasing to be calm	128.35260009765625
and agreeable . executioner of lille , and this is my history . ” knew him , pushed the window with his knee and hand . to prove to you that i still hope . ” much the loss of the money that vexes me , ” said villefort , “ though , after all , 900,000 francs are worth regretting ; but i am the more annoyed with this fate , chance , or whatever you please to call the power which has destroyed my hopes and my fortune , and may blast the prospects of my child also , as it is all occasioned by an old man <unk> into second childhood . ” there scarcely five minutes when m. de tréville entered . , do	68.39598846435547
not spread that report . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ we shall hear better . ” ” said the captain , “ why no complaints are made to the government , and why the vessel never reaches port ? ” not go and see if your grandpapa will have his dinner ? ” caderousse , shaking his head . “ this horse was born in the house of your father about thirteen years ago , and has remained in it ever since , which ought to make you love it . pentecost to me ? gave orders for this delay . ” ; and as the king began to lose what he had won , he was not sorry to find an excuse for playing <unk>	44.096221923828125
we may use a gaming phrase of whose origin we confess our ignorance . the travellers and paris , almost superhuman serenity appeared to surround the count ; he might have been taken for an exile about to revisit his native land . , count ; only i fancy i could pass the time less painfully here than anywhere else . ” married a protestant for a third husband , have you ? ” that you would have acted much more wisely if you had not required me to make myself known . ” enough of this , ” said cavalcanti . peppino , the noise of his teeth allowed no doubt as to his occupation . much upon his strength , and then he realized how serviceable	145.45816040039062
the timber had been to him . write to you , depend on me . ? ” tell you , will escape ; benedetto will be punished . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ pray how many men have you on board , captain ? ” a cigar , and cease to defend yourself , and to struggle to escape marrying mademoiselle danglars . been here ? ” your hand , and i depart ! ” ” replied planchet . , for he mistook fever for energy . ” inquired caderousse with a look of surprise . returned dantès , dropping the stool and sitting on it as if he were in reality mad . you wish me to do ? come expressly on that account	44.585418701171875
; it has cost me much trouble to find you , but i had resolved on giving them into your hands , and if i had to recommence my search , it would occupy all the few remaining years of my life . ” ’ s visit was due to a double feeling of curiosity , the larger half of which sentiment emanated from the rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . signora , ” said albert , who was paying the most implicit attention to the recital , “ that the garrison of yanina , fatigued with long service—— ” he ; “ i will not be caught like a fool at a first disclosure by a rendezvous under the clock , as they say at	56.62010192871094
the <unk> . porthos . poor scarron ’ s pension . ” misfortunes . ” , but a young corsican , my companion . ” athos , “ we have another reason ; it is <unk> : in france at this moment everything is poor and paltry . said athos , “ you forget that you committed a very different kind of imprudence in pronouncing lord de winter ’ s name . among a thousand , say you ? ” continued he . distance in the rear , when suddenly there resounded five or six <unk> . such as that , ” said danglars , “ i shall be well pleased , ” putting the draft in his pocket . , and a statement of their route was	50.05972671508789
left for grimaud . some mine , ” said madame danglars . ten years , the last four of which he was in my service . be there ? ” be too great a disappointment to my father if i do not marry mademoiselle danglars . ” ” planchet only touched the tips of the count ’ s fingers . his bed , pressing his hand on his heart . was some gossip who wanted news from the capital . six pistoles ? ” ’ cried i , ‘ you are an excellent woman , and heaven will bless you . ’ ” young man , and that ring has a terrible one , which may betray him who wears it . ” said aramis , “ do	43.16263961791992
not expect to find anything in abbeville . . i ? ” as if to interrogate her , but she continued to walk on in silence , and he refrained from speaking . thinking of someone i am leaving ? my brains out , and all will be over . ” myself with this one effort , ” continued villefort . ! ” said d ’ artagnan to himself , and darted into the passage . she , “ you see i have thought of everything ; with this cloak you will not be cold . ” , each of which burnt before a window , one looking upon the city , the other upon the palais royal , and a third upon the rue saint denis .	37.98556137084961
naturally , according to his custom , that he must be the object of their conversation , and listened . with the pommel of your sword , as if you had a great inclination to break the holy father ’ s head . ” ballet , which was one of those excellent specimens of the italian school , admirably arranged and put on the stage by henri , who has established for himself a great reputation throughout italy for his taste and skill in the <unk> <unk> of those <unk> <unk> of grace , method , and elegance in which the whole <unk> de <unk> , from the principal dancers to the humblest supernumerary , are all engaged on the stage at the same time ; and a	61.074790954589844
hundred and fifty persons may be seen exhibiting the same attitude , or <unk> the same arm or leg with a simultaneous movement , that would lead you to suppose that but one mind , one act of volition , influenced the moving mass . that to us ? with our neighbors , the english , an <unk> influence which darkened his countenance ; for the sadness generally became more intense toward the fine season of the year . said , “ it is only a veiled lady , some foreign princess , perhaps the mother of cavalcanti . , ” said tréville , “ that monsieur athos is the musketeer who , in the annoying duel which you are acquainted with , had the misfortune to wound	105.0716552734375
monsieur de cahusac so seriously . your heart , morrel , and ask it whether you ought to preserve this melancholy exterior towards me . ” do now , but with the iron tooth of the pickaxe to draw the stones towards him one by one . manner of woman it was for whom to-day you call me to account . proceed a hundred steps without being stopped by sentinels placed before the barricades , who demanded the watchword ; and on their saying that they were going to monsieur de bouillon on a mission of importance a guide was given them under pretext of conducting them , but in fact as a spy over their movements . , making a sign only that it was all so	115.94684600830078
; and then , when d ’ artagnan had ended , he shook his head with an air that announced nothing good . convulsive hand , tore them in pieces , and trembling lest the least vestige should escape and one day appear to confront him , he approached the wax-light , always kept burning for cigars , and burned every fragment . father ; i understand you. ” then extending his hand towards one of the pistols , he said , “ there is one for you and one for <unk> ! ” he had been sent thither by m. de tréville to treat for a supply of horses , and that he had brought back four as specimens . so well that i ought to allow	81.56214904785156
you all the time you require for your own . every reason to believe that a storm is <unk> in the south . ” poets that such things happen , ” said athos , gravely . dear friend , that if you are not in a hurry , i am very much in a hurry . ” god ! ” said she , “ thou knowest in what holy cause i suffer ; give me , then , strength to suffer . ” ? ” inquired the king , of villefort . you did not cut your serpent in two morsels ? ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , who had profited by the moment he had been left alone to put back m. de tréville ’	32.395111083984375
s clock three-quarters of an hour , “ but i thought , as it was yet only twenty-five minutes past nine , it was not too late to wait upon you . ” —to be sure ! ” cried dantès , eagerly quitting the table ; “ let us go directly ! ” , dantès saw they were passing through the rue caisserie , and by the rue <unk> and the rue <unk> , to the quay . if i mistake not , a lamprey . ” for it ! ” said château-renaud , “ here come some friends of yours , viscount ! morcerf . ” andrea , dryly , “ no , i can not . ” about them , monsieur ? ” said gondy .	42.05624771118164
, therefore , to amuse the good abbess with the worldly practices of the court of france , mixed with the eccentric pursuits of the king ; she made for her the scandalous <unk> of the lords and ladies of the court , whom the abbess knew perfectly by name , touched lightly on the amours of the queen and the duke of buckingham , talking a great deal to induce her auditor to talk a little . the possession of this piece of iron than he had ever felt for anything . vicomte till grimaud <unk> you . a louis each , make four hundred louis . ” whom you have to deal ! ” , whom a glance thrown upon the coast of france has made	81.82571411132812
us lose sight of for an instant . my dear <unk> of wisdom , ” said louis xviii. , laughing ; “ the greatest captains of antiquity amused themselves by casting pebbles into the <unk> plutarch ’ s life of scipio <unk> . ” the smelling-bottle of madame de villefort , he had noticed the approach of villefort to madame danglars , and he soon guessed all that had passed between them , though the words had been uttered in so low a voice as hardly to be heard by madame danglars . recollect , arrested in a tavern , in company with a great many <unk> ” then he added , “ monsieur , you may rest assured i shall perform my duty impartially , and that	65.38935089111328
if he be innocent you shall not have appealed to me in vain ; should he , however , be guilty , in this present epoch , impunity would furnish a dangerous example , and i must do my duty . ” . , sir ; i heard it from friquet . ” ! ” good host ! out at a grand gallop ; five hours after that he passed through arras . said i , ‘ for my liberty is your dishonor . ’ see you pass through the barrier with a groom , a tilbury , and fine new clothes . <unk> all difficulties , and i have only to ask you , my dear m. de morcerf ” ( these words were accompanied by a	65.39349365234375
most peculiar smile ) , “ whether you undertake , upon my arrival in france , to open to me the doors of that fashionable world of which i know no more than a <unk> or a native of cochin-china ? ” send for some breakfast here ? ” to accompany you . it was evident that he had touched the shore . thin , pale , with light blue eyes and <unk> <unk> hair . ” much injured by too much reticence as by too much confidence ; <unk> us admit <unk> involuntary sentiment which she felt for her young protector decided her to speak . , then ? ” he asked . , if i ever leave this place , to call down vengeance upon you	92.44542694091797
from the whole human race ! ’ that the two friends were longing to be alone , prepared to depart , when a noise of dogs barking resounded through the courtyard and many persons said at the same moment : her look . is you . ” pray do not say any more about them , and i promise you another pair exactly like them in appearance , only more quiet and steady . ” ceased to bear that name . ” when the wheels of that coach crossed the gateway a report was heard , and a thick smoke escaped through one of the panes of the window , which was broken by the explosion . andrea . aramis , “ that is the nephew , the	64.37993621826172
monk , and the son of milady , as he says himself . ” had an arm broken ; his horse had received a bullet in his neck and he had difficulty in controlling him , maddened by pain . sight of that woman and she is now in safety in the convent , which you should never have allowed her to reach , try , at least , not to miss the man . , then ? ” respected by the magnificent bertuccio . her attempts to <unk> m. de villefort , her devotion to the elder dantès . replied , “ did i not say , and did you not hear me say to those people , that you should do as you pleased ? ”	54.649017333984375
i had the good luck to cling to while our captain and the rest of the crew were all lost . good fellow , that i would do more <unk> by the means of gold than you and all your troop could effect with stilettos , pistols , carbines , and blunderbusses included . door with a kind of scythe in his hand . thousand louis a year from him . as if <unk> confession weighs on my mind . ” the king , kneeling humbly before him , began his confession . shirts . stone which had struck him on the forehead , had left a <unk> in the street and returned to the palais royal , followed by a menacing crowd , to tell his story	81.6946792602539
. . ” the strong , mordaunt , ” he said ; “ and the frenchmen , how did they behave ? ” ; god will give it me. ” and the abbé , casting away his coverlet , resumed his place , and continued his calculations . <unk> . strong emotion ; and despite the rouge with which her face was covered evidently turned <unk> ” , sir ? ” inquired raoul . perfect contrast to his interrogator , who had just designated him by the name of aramis . those pretty little rooms which overlook the court , and bring me a cold fowl and a bottle of bordeaux . ” ? perhaps ; but for me , who engraved it myself , it is hardly	64.34629821777344
worth a <unk> . ’ me , ’ and you believe that is sufficient ? was the friend of d ’ artagnan , he must have lent him his assistance in all the proceedings by whose aid the queen had defeated the project of his eminence ; if he was the friend of d ’ artagnan , he was the enemy of the cardinal ; and she doubtless would succeed in involving him in the vengeance by which she hoped to destroy the young musketeer . information relative to africa . this shame , madame , if you have incurred this ignominy , you must submit to it as an offering to god . ” on the <unk> . ! ” over the pommel of the saddle ,	48.48101043701172
as he was wont to do when he wished to have both hands free , <unk> the letter of madame de longueville and started at a gallop on the road to lens , attended by raoul and his small escort , whilst messengers sent to recall the troops set out with a loose rein in other directions . sure i am . mind ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . time , monseigneur . ” , grateful for the <unk> meeting with planchet , pleased with himself , d ’ artagnan reached notre dame . , strong , and enduring , like yourself , and will aid you in your escape , while i have been but a <unk> . ; i fear the cardinal . ” i	52.37677001953125
met with a spaniard in my <unk> who had seen many countries , and among them the new world . ” ” said the man in the red cloak , “ for you may plainly see she knows me ! ” , ” replied the major with the greatest possible coolness . be innocent or guilty ? ” continued the wounded man , “ i suffer much and would like , if possible , to be carried to some house . ” words when madame morrel entered weeping bitterly . but he could articulate nothing ; he staggered , and supported himself against the wainscot . completely that , as a sign of satisfaction , he has sent me , as your majesty may see , to consider	67.00755310058594
with you what reparation should be made to gentlemen unjustly treated and <unk> persecuted . ” he exclaimed . was to go over to the english . of the landing . he to him . irresolution . , will understand the politic necessity . ” hour . ” this momentary pantomime was to pass from the rear guard to the <unk> . exclaimed , turning pale as death , “ what are you going to do with that brace of pistols under your coat ? ” is not he ? ” said she . the idea never occurred to me , ” answered dantès . and the emperor of austria to appear to be wounded , as they really were , by the policy of richelieu—the eternal object	54.1912956237793
of which was the <unk> of the house of <unk> declare war against france , and as a condition of peace , to insist upon the dismissal of the cardinal ; but as to love , there was not a single word about it in all the letter . butcher would not let his horse out like that without knowing where it was going . ” murmured milady in english . leave you at ten o ’ clock . ” excited mood , but , like a <unk> of frightened <unk> , seemed not to know at what point to <unk> ; and it was very evident that if leaders of the people were not provided all this agitation would pass off in idle buzzing . ready to	55.924739837646484
tell everything , ” cried bonacieux , “ at least , all that i know . ” , the father embraced her first , and then the lover ; afterwards , one taking the head , the other the feet , they placed her in the grave . fellow , ” replied m. noirtier , seating himself , “ i might say the same thing to you , when you announce to me your wedding for the 28th of february , and on the 3rd of march you turn up here in paris . ” you become afraid of a quarrel ? ” certainty when franz saw the bouquet ( conspicuous by a circle of white camellias ) in the hand of a charming harlequin dressed in rose-colored	75.0342025756836
satin . ” asked the young man . the head of d ’ artagnan , and at that moment he would have drawn his sword against all the musketeers in the kingdom as willingly as he now did against athos , porthos , and aramis . come here , my dear , ” said d ’ artagnan , <unk> himself in an easy chair ; “ come , and let me tell you that you are the prettiest _soubrette_ i ever saw ! ” wife , and i shall be back in two hours , ” and caderousse left the house in haste , and ran rapidly in the direction opposite to that which the priest had taken . i hope , some establishment like that of the	35.230655670166016
magdalens , or of the repentant daughters . that of the women of epirus , consisted of a pair of white satin trousers , embroidered with pink roses , displaying feet so exquisitely formed and so delicately fair , that they might well have been taken for <unk> marble , had not the eye been undeceived by their movements as they constantly <unk> in and out of a pair of little slippers with <unk> <unk> , beautifully ornamented with gold and pearls . athos , “ if she is not proud of him , she must be hard to please . ” a confectioner in the rue des lombards ! memory , sir , to recollect dates so well . ” exclaimed the poor queen , raising her	76.91368103027344
eyes to heaven , “ have you indeed taken back all the generous hearts that once existed in the world ? ” men , i accuse this woman of having urged me to the murder of the baron de wardes ; but as no one else can attest the truth of this accusation , i attest it myself . <unk> is , <unk> livres of income , —a fortune such as i wish i had myself , and you are not satisfied ! ’ him , sir ! —he only <unk> , he never <unk> . . ” including cavalcanti and his son , notwithstanding the stiffness of the one and the carelessness of the other , were thoughtful , on finding themselves assembled at the house of	76.82659149169922
this incomprehensible man . carriage . the same to him , ” said albert . happened to them ? ” and made a step toward the door . , sir , ” replied danglars : “ if such had been the case , i only should have been to blame , inasmuch as i was aware of all these things when i made the engagement . ” , ” replied athos , “ you know well that the balls most to be dreaded are not from the enemy . ” the king is but a child and the queen a woman weak enough . to her handsome soldier . lost for an instant ; when all at once she perceived that no signature was attached to the order	47.17354202270508
. the hat , took out one of the three papers and disdainfully dropped it on the table without reading it . or ten days . ” depart without her son . ” drawing near the disclosure . ” his bed and called grimaud to dress the wound . ” said maximilian , “ i will serve as your guide ; such a man as you are ought not to be introduced by a servant . within the circle of the camp , the four friends did not exchange one word ; besides , they were followed by the curious , who , hearing of the wager , were anxious to know how they would come out of it . more grateful to your eminence , ” replied	40.62886428833008
anne of austria , with a smile that proved she was not the dupe of this ingenious gallantry , “ from being certain that these two studs alone have cost you as much as all the others cost his majesty . ” so , ” said the novice , with an expression of joy which she made no effort to disguise . <unk> the way , morcerf , that indirectly concerns you—i am calculating what the house of danglars must have gained by the last rise in <unk> bonds ; from 206 they have risen to 409 in three days , and the prudent banker had purchased at 206 ; therefore he must have made 300,000 livres . ” , ” said the governor , <unk> , “	83.82069396972656
that we are not content in such cases as this with such a simple examination . always thought his poetry detestable , and i think i know something about poetry . ” said monte cristo <unk> , “ it is a hard blow for a third-rate fortune . ” out who and what he is , ” said franz , rising from his seat . on the knob of the door ; at the noise of m. de tréville ’ s entrance he turned round . want , ” interrupted dantès . continued d ’ artagnan . ; it is quite true . is ended there will be no delay in putting the sentence into execution , ” continued d ’ artagnan . seized the letter , read	39.55303192138672
it , or rather devoured it , his countenance radiant . good friend ; and i will prove it to you by putting the <unk> to the _i_ , or rather by naming the persons . france , near antibes , in the gulf of juan , two hundred and fifty leagues from paris , on the 1st of march , and you only acquired this information today , the 3rd of march ! selfish nature . t want your help , watch the cardinal . ” more uneasiness about this . ” ” said the abbé d ’ herblay ; “ i return to my convent . ” instantly . ” to him and ask him to solicit for me the same favor that he will have	43.1197395324707
obtained ? ” ? ” cried lord de winter ; “ ha , ha ! ” whispered the governor , “ it is just as i told you . ” you please , and follow us . ” i am <unk> on . ” horse under the arch of the bridge . sound he heard . , mother , ” said friquet , “ but i saw things happen of which master broussel ought to be warned , and so with monsieur bazin ’ s <unk> know , mother , monsieur bazin , the <unk> came to speak to monsieur broussel . ” hour we set off . ” money to the <unk> to withdraw . ’ s son had run a great chance of being suffocated ,	37.59431076049805
one of the rioters having proposed to squeeze him until he gave up all the gold he had swallowed . sir , and mademoiselle de villefort has been a faithful companion to m. noirtier , which she can not be when she becomes the baroness d ’ épinay . . you ! ” me despise their riches , which seem to me contemptible . see , ” said mousqueton , looking at blaisois with an expression of superiority which the latter did not even think of questioning , “ you are about to see , blaisois , how we old soldiers drink when we are thirsty . ” louvre ; she had not a soul in the world in whom she could confide . enemy to contend with	57.47787857055664
, and contributions to be levied . not as he entered , cromwell did not move . money with it , and let your husband set out . ” the carriage to be here ? ” the count , “ summon up all your courage ; still the beatings of your heart ; do not let a sound escape you , and <unk> to be asleep ; then you will see . ” , belonging to the church , now receive me in the dress of an officer , with a sword at his side and spurs to his boots ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , in great anxiety . for my passage back to leghorn . depart , if i give you that you demand	48.124088287353516
? ” ” cried olivain . said gondy , laughing , “ are you a boy to play with firearms ? ” ” said he would do his best to please your highness . ” dantès has gone to the catalans ? ” , sir . ” to saddle eight horses and to wait , keeping together and without dismounting , at the corner of a street about twenty steps from the house where the king was lodged . in any <unk> excitement of the nervous <unk> was it ; a case of <unk> <unk> more . ball he danced once with eugénie , and m. cavalcanti three times , and he took no notice of it . ” and energy on the almost magical hospitality he had	56.423004150390625
received from the count , and the magnificence of his entertainment in the grotto of the _thousand and one nights_ . aramis , “ i have little fancy for the sea by day , still less at night ; the sounds of wind and wave , the frightful movements of the vessel ; i confess i prefer the convent of noisy . ” . ” cried the horsemen , rushing on d ’ artagnan with naked swords . , and the reverie of crime is remorse . wrist ? ” to meet him ? ” man , but the woman told me that if any misfortune happened to her betrothed , she would kill herself . ” on this dressing gown first , ” said the musketeer to	56.50649642944336
his friend . to do ? ” gentlemen . ” in what you say ; nevertheless , do not believe that it is madame de longueville with whom i am in love . ” broken voice said to the count : ! ” blood ! ” she murmured . who this miserable fellow was ? ” dark and mysterious , others noisy and lighted up with torches . to his full height . on because it pleases me to stop here . ” absence , and furnished with the half of the linen , and having written down the day and hour at which i had deposited the child at the asylum , had set off for paris , and had <unk> it . the rue st. honoré	38.57631301879883
in order to purchase some rouge for madame de chevreuse . your help : that is i thought like a madman that you could lend me your assistance in a case where god alone can succor me . ” a very long time , john , ” said he . danglars would make a charming <unk> a <unk> ! _ ” has returned to tours . ” third person ? ” from the temple to the mouth , was bleeding <unk> . ” said benedetto . will see me die . at noon in whitehall place to see how things went on . , lighted by two candles , the condemned monarch gazed sadly on the luxury of his past greatness , just as at the last hour	85.30802917480469
one sees the images of life more mildly brilliant than of <unk> . ” half-hour to prepare . , who had consulted with aramis , spoke to the poor wretch . , ” said aramis ; “ for <unk> as you are , you must need repose . ” d ’ artagnan looked or listened with avidity . is to wait . . he . used to compass this blessed end ? ” during all this conversation had played a mute part , made a sign of the head in proof that he acquiesced in the proposition . ; take the <unk> from the fireplace and strike three times on the floor . reputation of being the least curious and the least wearisome man in france . !	79.32378387451172
” exclaimed the young man , in a transport of joy . the wounded man into a room . us , ” observed athos , on reaching the spot where they had had a dispute with the <unk> , “ how he would tremble at passing this ! athos , who had seated himself quietly , started up . ” he said , “ to the queen . ” trademark license , especially commercial redistribution . d ’ artagnan . will , ” replied aramis and porthos , with admirable promptness and decision , as if that were the simplest thing in the world , “ to be sure we will get you out ; but meantime , as we are to set off the day after tomorrow	35.65526580810547
, you would do much better not to risk this bastille . ” he had passed through , nor in the one which his eager glance pervaded , could he see anyone ; however slowly the stranger had walked , he was gone on his way , or perhaps had entered some house . madame , ” said de winter , “ the king wishes you to try and discover the <unk> of the king and queen toward him . ” glass , and regarded herself attentively ; never had she appeared more beautiful . me ; not being of a race of <unk> fame , like the de <unk> , who were content to be plain sirs , or the <unk> , who didn ’ t wish	73.10462188720703
to be dukes , all these people , who are all either <unk> or comtes go before me at church in all the ceremonies , and i can say nothing to them . him the salvation of his <unk> and of the kingdom , sculptured in flesh and bone . the rest , until the room filled silently , as if these men had been the humblest , most devoted courtiers . one of your sailors caught hold of my hair . ” aid they already considered themselves invincible . to retire . some misfortune has happened ! ” i will give my attention to the subject . ” remember , ” replied the countess . we are but twenty years old , above all if we were	75.6119613647461
born at tarbes . dressed and was reading a new book by m. <unk> . ’ artagnan ? ” <unk> that had been left from his former meals , and was beginning to eat the <unk> which covered the floor of his cell . not break your legs in stumbling over some chain or your neck by falling in a hole . ” the shoulder . ” , the duke couldn ’ t hope to do that , and he laughed at the mere thought of it . prince ; simply a count . ” hand upon the queen ’ s diamond , which he wore , and quickly turned the stone inward ; but it was too late . we failed , we were beaten , and	55.97759246826172
that is a blemish on our reputation . ” under the hand of the young man before the tumult ceased , steps approached , the door was opened , and d ’ artagnan , sword in hand , rushed into the rooms of m. bonacieux , the door of which , doubtless acted upon by a spring , closed after him . ! us all four , four lackeys , horses , arms , and all ! ” the queen . french had not been again seen at marseilles ; the day after , or two days after his visit to morrel , he had disappeared ; and as in that city he had had no intercourse but with the mayor , the inspector of prisons , and	41.35068893432617
m. morrel , his departure left no trace except in the memories of these three persons . fate of the guards who thus possessed his secret ? ” asked dantès of himself . the midst of the spectators of this unexpected scene , it would not have surprised them more than did albert ’ s declaration . , then . ” of the world , i am surrounded by kindness and affection ; but the reverse is the case . not the less quickly toward milady , yielding to that magnetic attraction which the <unk> exercises over iron . seen , had a character exactly opposite to that of athos . i was to behold and comfort my dear sister , i lost no time in hastening to	79.08354949951172
corsica , but when i arrived at rogliano i found a house of mourning , the consequences of a scene so horrible that the neighbors remember and speak of it to this day . through the window as you mount your horse ; i shall follow you with my eyes as long as you are in sight ; then i shall place myself at the cardinal ’ s door—a door with glass windows . in order that the instrument may not be contested , i am anxious to give it the greatest possible authenticity , therefore , one of my colleagues will help me , and , contrary to custom , will assist in the <unk> of the testament . extended from <unk> to <unk> ; and as	75.79168701171875
there was no species of violence or <unk> it did not commit , the poor people on the frontier quitted their isolated dwellings and fled for refuge into the strong cities which held out a shelter to them . replied the jeweller , ‘ if by the time i have finished my supper the tempest has at all abated , i shall make another start . ’ assembly when they saw that the confidence of the prisoner increased in proportion to the terror of m. de villefort . , “ my father was a royalist ; they need not have asked his sentiments , which were well known . ” hands , and looked at the doctor with a supplicating air . embroidered , and had a coronet	66.39704132080078
and arms at one of its corners . the forest , without knowing what had become of rita ’ s father . decision is always necessary ; and i inform you with regret that no one becomes a musketeer without the preliminary <unk> of several campaigns , certain brilliant actions , or a service of two years in some other regiment less favored than ours . ” inquired the duke , “ what does your majesty mean ? ” strange names struck us ; and it immediately occurred to us that they were but pseudonyms , under which d ’ artagnan had disguised names perhaps illustrious , or else that the bearers of these borrowed names had themselves chosen them on the day in which , from caprice	121.59889221191406
, discontent , or want of fortune , they had donned the simple musketeer ’ s uniform . do you recognize me ? ” this bandit to do with the order i have given the coachman to leave the city by the porta del popolo , and to re-enter by the porta san giovanni ? ” boast of anything . ” artagnan , but in the midst of such tumult he little expected to see him , d ’ artagnan not being on service . , and she remembers , for she alone recognized you when she saw you , and even before she saw you , by your voice , edmond , —by the simple sound of your voice ; and from that moment she has followed	53.29323196411133
your steps , watched you , feared you , and she needs not to inquire what hand has dealt the blow which now strikes m. de morcerf . ” different <unk> , selected two written in a small and delicate hand , and enclosed in scented envelopes , opened them and perused their contents with some attention . , my dear <unk> understand . ” he , “ you are about to receive a visit from the chancellor , who will communicate certain matters to you with which i have charged him . ” which was that felton would appear at the breakfast hour ; but felton did not come . to lose time ; and she resolved to make that very evening some attempts to ascertain the	85.52540588378906
nature of the ground she had to work upon , by studying the characters of the men to whose guardianship she was committed . ” in addition to athos ’ s old horse , cost six pistoles . danglars . edward on her knees , and from time to time pressed this child , on whom her affections appeared centred , almost convulsively to her bosom . sir . ” friend , you know . ” tied the knot ? ” inquired the grave-digger , who was looking on . matter with my hands ! ” asked milady ; “ it seems as if my wrists had been crushed in a vice . ” you like , but i warn you ’ <unk> be rather too warm presently	65.2951889038086
. ” energetic resolution , which albert did not fear on his own account , alarmed him for his mother . consolation that they were not wounded , ” said aramis . loved him . ” half an hour we shall be on board . ” the count , “ shall i then be permitted to love again ? effected mechanically , as far as he was concerned . he , when franz had finished , “ what do you think of that ? ” count ? ” said madame danglars , signing ; “ if you are , take care , for i shall never forgive you . ” the governor , who , on hearing that he came from the cardinal , went to meet him	29.07048988342285
and received him at the top of the great flight of steps outside the door . , understood all , uttered a cry , as if his very heart was pierced , and fell fainting on the stone steps . simple man ; that ’ s my great disadvantage . acquaintance , received the traveller at the door , hat in hand . out better than i am , dear count . he <unk> a variety of questions on different subjects , carefully watching the man ’ s countenance as he did so ; but not a word or look implied that he had the slightest idea of ever having seen before the person with whom he was then conversing . ? —come , tell me ! ”	69.1313705444336
and i think i have the honor of addressing count andrea cavalcanti ? ” his sweetest smile to touch his lips to milady ’ s , but she evaded him . that , ” replied m. de tréville , in a somewhat softened tone . very pale . was engrossed by the clock in her room , which marked the seconds . , ” cried jussac , who doubtless , by his gestures and the expression of his countenance , had guessed d ’ artagnan ’ s design . majestically , whatever remarks his companions made ; and they , finding their remarks useless , regulated their pace by his . had no settled habits of his own , as he came from his province into the midst	68.8215103149414
of a world quite new to him , fell easily into the habits of his friends . chimed in la carconte , ‘ they will have a wretched night of it . ’ the terrible enchantress threw her whole soul , completed the trouble which had seized the heart of the young officer . <unk> , and by the evening he had succeeded in <unk> ten handfuls of plaster and fragments of stone . should happen to me , ” said bragelonne . d ’ artagnan , “ what did i tell you ? least , fearful of it . very guarded . by mazarin , who paid them numerous compliments , and announced that they were more than half on their way to obtain what they desired	59.722442626953125
, namely , d ’ artagnan his captaincy , porthos his barony . monseigneur ! ” said bonacieux , hesitating to take the purse , fearing , doubtless , that this pretended gift was but a pleasantry . you were obliged to leave us , monsieur , ” said madame de villefort , “ and you were about to tell us why when your attention was called to some other subject . ” olivain is to stay and i am to go . down , ” said villefort impatiently , “ for it will take some time . ” a quarrel with a man is a bad method of pleasing the woman who loves that man . not taken away his appetite . . ” ? , which	44.75495910644531
passed rapidly through the faubourg saint-denis , along the faubourg saint-martin , crossed the barrier , and threaded its way through the interminable villette . said the sergeant , “ it is not permitted to stop here . ” ” replied beauchamp ; “ allow me only to compliment m. de morcerf , who has given proof today of rare chivalric generosity . ” given by the king the minister persuaded his majesty to insist upon the queen ’ s appearing in them as part of her jewels at a ball which was soon to take place . away and directed the coachman to stop at the hotel de luynes . then , to the hôtel of the musketeers , and your horse can be brought back with	63.4268684387207
ours . ” wished to <unk> us is still smoking ; and the situation in which you are is a bed of roses compared to that in which you wished to place us and in which you have placed monsieur groslow and his companions . ” off to great advantage ; and when he had bound the scarf around his waist , and when his hat , placed <unk> on one side , let fall on his shoulder a stream of ribbons , franz was forced to confess that costume has much to do with the physical superiority we accord to certain nations . struck the hour . again to you , ” replied felton , in great emotion , “ no danger threatens you ; i will	78.61354064941406
answer for lord de winter as for myself . ” the king , when the door was closed , “ i believe you are right and that this man only came here with evil intentions . are to endure every sorrow on this earth , hear the result of our unhappy mission . ” girl . ” hand athos made grimaud , who followed the little troop , understand everything , and they passed on like a whirlwind , d ’ artagnan still directing them from behind with his voice . ” shed a tear . know who it is that attempts your life ? ” would rather die ! ” cried the queen , in whom the imperious blood of spain and austria began to rise .	68.76482391357422
me , the queen requires them again . friend , you are brave , you are prudent , you have excellent qualities ; but the women will ruin you ! ” you , m. de villefort , for you must be fatigued after so long a journey ; go and rest . livery of considerable style and richness , appeared at the threshold , and , placing two cards in the landlord ’ s hands , who forthwith presented them to the two young men , he said : you to strangle , porthos , ” said aramis . report of the gownsmen to be placed in comparison with the word of honor of a swordsman ? ” replied tréville haughtily . in the cellar , where ,	47.6800422668457
i presume , he has had an interview with mine host ’ s bottles . emerged from a <unk> near which they were usually stationed , but the wolf had scarcely advanced ten yards ere he was dead . but you are <unk> ” , ali placed himself before it , while a crowd of spectators assembled round the nubian . ” replied villefort , significantly ; “ it is important that you should be seen there . ” sergeant , who began to see that he was the victim of an <unk> , was almost in a frenzy of despair . who carried me off ! ” if he can ! almost suffocated , had sufficient presence of mind to hold his breath , and as his	56.07384490966797
right hand ( prepared as he was for every chance ) held his knife open , he rapidly ripped up the sack , extricated his arm , and then his body ; but in spite of all his efforts to free himself from the shot , he felt it dragging him down still lower . the reader will remember , who had broken parry ’ s head . , overwhelmed with grief at this public humiliation . like that of god , in all things . ” pearls , the pins in her hair were of gold and diamonds , her girdle was of turkey silk , with large embroidered flowers , her bodice and skirt were of cashmere , her apron of indian muslin , and the	104.48066711425781
buttons of her <unk> were of jewels . the hotel that i had the honor of passing the night here , duke , ” said franz , “ and desired them to come and inform me of his return . ” your service . the devil , you mean ! ” cried buckingham , raising his voice so as to attract the notice of his people , without absolutely shouting . . ” political affair , or was it naturally one of those profound passions which anne of austria inspired in those who approached her ? i have of speaking to myself . noble lord as you are , my dear athos , neither princesses nor queens would be secure from your amorous <unk> . ” to a	56.49984359741211
gallop . not ; some evidence required from us , perhaps . ” ” the simple fact . , and owns that he did so , you ought to be satisfied . ” , ” said athos , “ there is a god in heaven still ! ” if he had not taken a sufficient farewell of his beloved daughter . divine for what reason m. de villefort had this spade in his hands , when he stopped close to the thicket where i was , glanced round , and began to dig a hole in the earth . aramis ? ” he had finished , with the same calmness that had characterized him during the whole of this remarkable and trying conversation . appeared with the cardinal	49.312679290771484
at one of the doors of the hall . , and are as mute as <unk> , ” said athos . him ? the husband of a young and lovely girl ? ” felt his legs tremble under him . there ? when are we to go ? ” asked athos . mistress ? ” invited me to pass a few days in normandy , and has deputed me , while her son is being <unk> , to go and prepare her residence at rouen ; after which , if nothing new occurs , i shall go and bury myself in my convent at <unk> . ” d ’ artagnan had suggested , and when he returned he found the king already seated at his little table ,	45.16634750366211
where parry waited on him , harrison and his officers sitting together at another table , and , in a corner , places reserved for himself and his companions . m. de busigny was the first to come and shake athos by the hand , and acknowledge that the wager was lost . sent to your abode in your absence , and which was given to me for you . ” have forgotten monsieur grimaud . ” , i will hear your narrative ; but today i wish to nurse you carefully . , i , a <unk> <unk> , who can go and stand close to a scaffold , in order to have a better view of the king ’ s <unk> remain . ” may be	57.32602310180664
relied on . ” for the first time , madame ! ” dessessart ’ s valet came to d ’ artagnan ’ s lodging , and gave him a bag containing seven thousand livres . it is too much ! ” exclaimed the queen , “ and i will prove to them i have not left . ” . my friend , ” said the englishman ; “ i wish to speak to you . ” m. bertuccio , who understands <unk> windows so well ? ” of returning consciousness . thought that considering three months ’ lodging , about which i have said <unk> ” constantly frequented the hôtel , no difficulty was made in complying with his request , and a servant went to inform m.	40.51729202270508
de tréville that his young compatriot , having something important to communicate , solicited a private audience . own house , you understand , so there was nothing to be done but to send for the cards , which i did . come up to this gentleman , who appeared to be in great haste . will go out with my hands in my pockets , that nothing may be suspected . and , as he said , it was an ancient name . he loved her ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . o ’ clock , and just as dantès began to despair , steps were heard in the corridor , a key turned in the lock , the bolts creaked , the massy oaken door	43.6258659362793
flew open , and a flood of light from two torches pervaded the apartment . his dungeon , the door was thrown open , and the guards appeared . ” he had just received put the finishing stroke to the wonder and stupefaction of m. baptistin . stables , not without some slight annoyance , when he remembered that the count of monte cristo had laid his hands on a “ <unk> ” which sent his <unk> down to second place in the opinion of <unk> . _ ” answered a solemn and imperious voice , accompanied by a menacing gesture . , this worthy porthos has just received a sword wound and i am taking him to his country house at saint cloud . ” sprang ,	73.56690979003906
from his chair , hastily opened one of the drawers of his desk , emptied all the gold it contained into his pocket , stood motionless an instant , his hand pressed to his head , muttered a few inarticulate sounds , and then , perceiving that his servant had placed his cloak on his shoulders , he sprang into the carriage , ordering the postilions to drive to m. de saint-méran ’ s . very bitter , ” said valentine ; “ so bitter , that all i drink afterwards appears to have the same <unk> ” noirtier looked inquiringly at his granddaughter . her brother-in-law . ” and by , ” said debray . champs-élysées . thing might be had . ” ” answered athos ,	54.733280181884766
with a trembling voice . may bear fruit , it is necessary that it should be quietly conducted , far from noise and interruption . to swear that we are not going to the place royale to fight . ” of nature , ” said monte cristo . ’ artagnan . ” pleased ; that was your business . of the count , and one of the most active opponents to the idea of providing the chamber of peers with a uniform . however , ” answered the sailor ; “ there ’ s nothing in the wake of the ship ; besides , here ’ s the end of the cable . ” so exquisite to you , is very likely no better than perch or <unk>	41.82391357421875
; but it seemed impossible to procure it , and here it is . ” therefore , first to the benevolence of your majesty , that i may know what has become of my friends , <unk> to myself , if necessary , the right of appealing hereafter to your justice . ” of our child , let me live ! ” abbé , i am not mad ; perhaps i shall be , but at present , unfortunately , i am not . ” cried aramis , “ swords ! that my mother was lady of honor to marie de <unk> ? ” from the few words which escaped from d ’ artagnan , what affair was in hand , and as they thought that overtaking his	41.1754150390625
man , or losing sight of him , d ’ artagnan would return to his rooms , they kept on their way . door to receive his guests . . ” ” counted , calculated a thousand and a thousand times the income and expenditure of the family for three hundred years . on ; and you may rely upon me for the others not being inferior to them . , be always ungrateful . felton , “ finally , what did they do ? ” ’ artagnan was called away he should remain the sole possessor of the bed . my head on the block and say ‘ remember ! ’ then strike boldly . ” said the coadjutor , “ i have heard this affair mentioned	57.56298828125
. of tetanus and poisoning by vegetable substances is so great , that were i obliged to affirm by oath what i have now stated , i should hesitate ; i therefore repeat to you , i speak not to a magistrate , but to a friend . there , having withdrawn on the previous evening to la <unk> , <unk> by false intelligence of the enemy ’ s movements . ” to require the doctor she had recommended to her aged relative . person who gave it to me . ” both for you and for me to stop where we are , ” answered the wounded man . the voice reached her ear more distinctly , and she recognized it to be that of maximilian .	66.85589599609375
knew . you leave me in the hands of mine enemies , of the enemy of england , of the enemy of god ! scoundrel ! disclosed a brilliant light , and she disappeared . he wrote to his wife , sending her the order for the thousand pistoles , and charging her to send him , in exchange , his most skillful apprentice , an <unk> of diamonds , of which he gave the names and the weight , and the necessary tools . the <unk> <unk> , went in once , and he came back amazed , <unk> that such treasures were only to be heard of in fairy tales . ” , ” replied porthos ; “ i understand now why aramis advised me to	66.62316131591797
strangle that horrible mordaunt . ” the young man , “ honest men are not to be paid with such coin . , “ i fancied this castle belonged to the ancient branch of orleans . is a name , not a thing . ” out , ” continued the count , “ a dark lantern , a bunch of false keys , a secretaire half <unk> is tolerably <unk> ” made mazarin uneasy . his mind . marseilles for sons to keep their fathers waiting in their <unk> ? ” not only beautiful in person , but radiant with splendor ; she entered by one door at the time when mercédès appeared at the door . you are dreadfully impertinent . ” ! ” he said ,	67.70350646972656
pointing to the bodies of his wife and child , “ see , are you well avenged ? ” ” said porthos . d ’ artagnan , “ monseigneur knows very well that her majesty refuses him nothing . ” _ my dear dame , ” said d ’ artagnan , springing from his horse , and throwing the bridle to planchet , “ you restore me to life ; where is this dear aramis ? foot . you <unk> genuine balm into my blood . asked milady , roused from her reverie by these words . soldier like you , and ordered to carry a certain <unk> , and you knew i must be killed in the assault , would you not say to me , as	37.67739486694336
you said just now , ‘ go , father ; for you are dishonored by delay , and death is <unk> to shame ! ’ ” at nine o ’ clock . ” . been signed three days since ; we shall find it all ready , and can sign it today . ” , ” said athos . ? own wish and the will of heaven ! ” a sentiment of stupefaction . ? ” loaf . d ’ artagnan judged that the mind of the king was stormy . find out which of his companions stood in greatest need , he caught a glance from athos . franz , — “ your voice , your look , your pallid complexion , and even the life you	51.655235290527344
lead . ” respectful bow , was moving away , the count called him back . , as her duties called her to chapel , she left the two young women alone . short time ; it was evident that he was <unk> over this answer , which did not seem very clear . monsieur raoul ! ” said mousqueton , “ the letter was very consoling . edict is still an edict , it is forbidden to fight , after all . ” , although it did not correspond in shape with that which he had seen in his dreams , must be the blessed coffer , and he congratulated himself that the reality was several feet higher than the dream . mazarin , “ i have	71.39283752441406
been proving it to you this last hour . ” said athos , “ has forgotten to give a piece of very important information to the lady , and has sent me back to repair his forgetfulness . ” that , but what is the quarrel ? ” my service , monsieur bertuccio . ” and drew forth a bag . neighbors , the germans . ” them , and galloped by the side of his companions . villefort ; “ a faithful servant of the king does not know conspirators . ” ” afraid that your good wishes will not be of great service to me . ” the count , “ and announce me . ” ” cried porthos . . m. noirtier did not love	32.84543991088867
his child , and yet he sleeps . ” villefort , after the first salutations were over , “ you were sent for by m. noirtier , whom you see here . said the maid , “ retired to her apartment with mademoiselle d ’ armilly ; they then took tea together , after which they desired me to leave , saying that they needed me no longer . ” on the ground , so that the steam rose directly under the nostrils of danglars . he handled in his pocket the fifty pistoles he had gained from groslow with a degree of satisfaction which betrayed itself in his whole bearing . ? ” off a young girl , the daughter of a <unk> of frosinone . along	55.43703079223633
a lane on the spot where the rue d ’ <unk> is now situated , breathing the <unk> <unk> which were borne upon the wind from the rue de vaugirard , and which arose from the gardens refreshed by the dews of evening and the breeze of night . his clothes , in order to be certain that the duke would not stir . october , morrel , i shall expect you at the island of monte cristo . athos . , indeed . was piqued . sir , ” answered raoul . ? ” lackeys . ” here , and m. morrel had better go , —do you not think so , grandpapa ? ” porthos , “ i see him . d ’ artagnan , as	37.50947952270508
he went down the steps of the hatchway , preceded by the lantern , “ what a number of barrels ! certainty that he fell ; and it seemed to me that he was borne away with his two companions . ” i know how good a son you are , so now hasten away to see your father . she might have means of flight and fearing she should escape , drew a pistol from his belt ; but athos raised his hand . with the demon of hatred , and endeavoring to insinuate in the ear of the shipowner some evil suspicions against his comrade , and follow dantès , who , after having traversed la canebière , took the rue de noailles , and entering	82.89165496826172
a small house , on the left of the allées de meilhan , rapidly ascended four flights of a dark staircase , holding the baluster with one hand , while with the other he repressed the beatings of his heart , and paused before a half-open door , from which he could see the whole of a small room . ’ cried i , ‘ then the place of my punishment will be that of my tomb . ’ s adventure <unk> the young man . ” it ? ” asked louis xviii . , you are a musketeer ! ” charles , “ do they take me for a coward , like themselves ? corsican . , madame ; and you will seek in vain to evade	43.89071273803711
it . ” wretched than the man who has lost all he loved and desired in the world ? ” ? ” mass of spectators and officers of the palais , and withdrew . <unk> his decision , and , indeed , that he might not allow his thoughts to be distracted from his desperate resolution , he bent over the appalling shroud , opened it with the knife which faria had made , drew the corpse from the sack , and bore it along the tunnel to his own chamber , laid it on his couch , tied around its head the <unk> he wore at night around his own , covered it with his <unk> , once again kissed the ice-cold brow , and tried vainly	67.3699722290039
to close the resisting eyes , which glared horribly , turned the head towards the wall , so that the jailer might , when he brought the evening meal , believe that he was asleep , as was his frequent custom ; entered the tunnel again , drew the bed against the wall , returned to the other cell , took from the hiding-place the needle and thread , flung off his rags , that they might feel only naked flesh beneath the coarse canvas , and getting inside the sack , placed himself in the posture in which the dead body had been laid , and <unk> up the mouth of the sack from the inside . no inclination to laugh , such a real ear <unk>	110.28046417236328
did porthos appear . and at the least suspicious sign i shall begin to exterminate . ” was that more songs were made than <unk> fired during its continuance . she , “ you are as great as judas <unk> ! side to give place to a young man of refined and dignified bearing , with large and open brow , piercing eyes , and black moustache , whom our readers have already seen at marseilles , under circumstances sufficiently dramatic not to be forgotten . man , who had disappeared as if by enchantment . time i ever heard his name pronounced . ” ” said the sailor , “ i have a better opinion than you of women in general , and of mercédès in particular	87.24310302734375
; and i am certain that , captain or not , she will remain ever faithful to me . ” , and had probably noticed nothing . continued the count . , ’ replied the jeweller , and he counted out upon the table <unk> francs in gold , and 30,000 francs in bank-notes . warn me . last farewell , but his tongue lay motionless and heavy in his throat , like a stone at the mouth of a sepulchre . cried mazarin , with well acted surprise . and i hope to god that with our four lackeys we may be in sufficient number . ” the money gained in the exercise of my profession i have distributed to the poor ; i have been assiduous	61.82587432861328
in attending church and those who formerly fled from me have become accustomed to seeing me . said madame de villefort , “ the king ’ s attorney is here . ” at once that you intend starving me to death . ” , you have but limited comprehension . danglars , “ you appear to me a good sort of fellow , and hang me , i should like to help you , but—— ” hinges , and d ’ artagnan , seeing the way clear , <unk> his horses , who started at a canter , and five minutes later they had rejoined the cardinal . porthos and aramis together , as soon as the cardinal was out of hearing , “ well , he signed	53.402679443359375
the paper she required ! ” duke , opening the door of the chapel , “ patrick ! ” his confidential valet appeared . replied franz , “ will tell you , as i only require his wonderful lamp to make me precisely like aladdin , that i see no reason why at this moment i should not be called aladdin . found 900,000 francs in bank <unk> . nervous trembling , and repeated the letters of the alphabet successively , until he came to m. at that letter the old man signified “ yes . ” profound attention ; he had expected this declaration for the last two or three days , and when at last it came his eyes glistened as much as they had lowered	92.81941986083984
on listening to morcerf . , feature for feature , a description of the comte de wardes . him , sir , as is most agreeable to you . ” , but i will avenge myself for her contempt . ” have said . ” morcerf , ” interrupted morrel . to all minds , and the general opinion was that the complete ruin of the unfortunate shipowner had been postponed only until the end of the month . in the collection are in the public domain in the united states . took her , tried her , and condemned her . ” arose , and <unk> a closet with a key suspended from his gold chain , took from it a little silver casket , beautifully carved	48.061279296875
and chased , the corners of which represented four bending figures , similar to the <unk> , the forms of women , <unk> of the angels <unk> to heaven . on ceremony because you are less attached to me than you were ? ” ” cried d ’ artagnan . left ! ’ ” murmured he . trusted to anybody ; it must be done in the palace . ” everything for him . the cardinal ’ s opinion . albert , with a thundering voice . by our god . had bound his hands . both have died . . the young man , with anxiety , “ i shall be sure to be placed in an agreeable position . ” in a way which expressed at	42.93012237548828
the same time her astonishment , her admiration , and her gratitude . the <unk> of her mad passion ; and nervous <unk> which agitated her frame disappeared , and she remained folded within herself like a fatigued serpent in repose . , if you have not lost it , give me the paper which fell from that man ’ s hat , upon which is written the name of the village of— ” , ” replied villefort with hesitation , “ that human nature being weak , every man , according to your creed , has committed faults . ” exclaimed the countess , after their walk had continued ten minutes in silence , “ is it true that you have seen so much , travelled so	70.66017150878906
far , and suffered so deeply ? ” money , which was formerly designed to promote the comfort and tranquillity of the woman i adored , may now , through strange and painful circumstances , be devoted to the same purpose . when you have read the letter . ” accustomed to their obscurity . said porthos . act as sentinels . you know what i told you ? ” mme . on the stairs of people moving hastily , and half-stifled sobs . milady . rendered still more solemn by the time and place , the count said , in a tone of melancholy wholly unlike his usual manner : purse into his pocket . a fit ? ” said the procureur . ! ” cried the	61.19112777709961
king , “ he , a boy ! will pardon this intrusion on her meditations , but a foreign lord has arrived from england and waits in the parlor , demanding the honor of presenting a letter to your majesty . ” so far , come a few steps further ; conduct us , my lord , to the wall . ” his master as if he had been his shadow , and was soon trotting by his side . , as you say , go and ask a dinner from the master of that house . , he saw albert drinking a glass of water , of which , to judge from his pallor , he stood in great need ; and the count , who was	56.8214111328125
assuming his masquerade costume . do not desire to see me dash my head against that wall before your eyes ! ’ s arm , and , at the same time , holding that of madame danglars under his own , he dragged the procureur to the <unk> , where the shade was thickest . my first note . for , you are here , but where are your friends ? ” , by authority of his highness , in the year <unk> of the <unk> . your care to see that the brevet is made out and sent to m. de <unk> ” villefort ’ s eyes were filled with tears of joy and pride ; he took the cross and kissed it . them , dressed	55.292701721191406
in black , and installed in his armchair . , i don ’ t know <unk> the bastille or fort l ’ evêque . . —he will gain himself a reputation . ” <unk> is soon forgotten in this great babylon of excitement and changing tastes . so good as doctor <unk> believed it , neither was it so wicked as dantès thought it , since this man , who had nothing to expect from his comrade but the inheritance of his share of the <unk> , manifested so much sorrow when he saw him fall . then ? ’ man attached great importance to an oath . although the voice as well as the countenance reminded them of someone they had seen , they could not remember	90.68543243408203
under what circumstances . ’ s . to enter the courtyard . , during which he strove to collect his thoughts . i have suffered , ” said mme . ” stopped , as if struck by a sudden suspicion . embroidered on it in gold , and will give it to your company as a standard . ” buckingham ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . about her : ‘ <unk> , <unk> <unk> ’ you know it , don ’ t you ? ” no more than i have given you , teresa , ’ said luigi proudly . the train , impetuous as a man who is excited by revenge , and full of confidence , as are those whom god blinds , he had	44.73076629638672
set fire to the <unk> of <unk> . monte cristo , slightly shrugging his shoulders ; “ otherwise i would not fight with m. de morcerf . in france , my lord ? ” with all my strength , and doubtless opposed , weak as i was , a long resistance , for i heard him cry out , ‘ these miserable puritans ! sitting upon the board as if on horseback , commenced his perilous descent . made in loading his pistols , and his servant in loading his musketoon . ” replied peppino , solemn as a <unk> . procurator ’ s wife is old and ugly ? ” former sign was repeated . m. d ’ épinay , “ it is not , perhaps ,	56.72027587890625
the moment for mademoiselle valentine , who is in deep distress , to think of a husband ; indeed , i <unk> ” ” ! was not the most advantageous and the most agreeable of all <unk> ! it and cut the cable . of sword thrusts which <unk> , and painful exercises which fatigue , he had become one of the most gallant <unk> of revels , one of the most insinuating lady ’ s men , one of the softest <unk> of interesting nothings of his day ; the <unk> <unk> of de tréville were talked of as those of m. de bassompierre had been talked of twenty years before , and that was not saying a little . have the honor to relate it to	70.42276763916016
your majesty . ” me to confine myself to a sort of prison , from which he will release me by one of his satellites . ” poor child ? ” athos , “ i am not far from approving the idea of monsieur porthos . ” athos , “ here ’ s another good servant . this is not his eminence who has honored you with the commission to procure my head ? . ” albert fall into luigi ’ s hands ? ” monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan , bowing again , “ a courtesy , for which , i assure you , i am very grateful . ” reason ! me ; i went and threw myself on the bed , without parting	32.653160095214844
with the <unk> knife , which i concealed under my pillow . the <unk> we have seen bonacieux undergo . , valentine , you must not be alarmed . . risk , for he knew all that was meant . the dead at the château d ’ if , and imagining they would not expend much labor on the grave of a prisoner , he calculated on raising the earth with his shoulders , but unfortunately their arrangements at the château frustrated his projects . said aramis . clock . retire from thee without pride or hatred , but not without many regrets ; he only knows that the power confided to me has never been made <unk> to my personal good or to any useless cause .	90.50437927246094
debray ? —do i wish to know him ? —do i wish to know that he gives advice ? —do i wish to follow it ? —do i speculate ? your relative , then ? ” , above everything , good living in order to be good soldiers , only eating salt meat and bad biscuit , had many <unk> in their camp . , the duke ’ s confidential lackey , at the same moment . bertuccio . the man at whose shutter you have just knocked ? , under her skillful hands , all the <unk> she thought might assist the charms of her face . of elba , where i arrived the next day ; i ordered everybody to remain on board , and went	88.08308410644531
on shore alone . ? ” , speak . ” , and what he had missed gaining , made the difference of a million to danglars . , porthos looking at d ’ artagnan with <unk> astonishment . danglars , in the most natural tone in the world . gutenberg ebook twenty years after *** , planchet , you shall preserve your reputation as a <unk> man . ’ artagnan was seeking . being , you are not pleased to see an old friend ? ” said mousqueton , “ then you have come here only to awaken our regrets . ” the invalid , extending one hand . only there to help him ! ” and over the album was only a little <unk> adopted by way	50.43756866455078
of precaution . tell you what kind of service he requires of you . ” ” interposed the old nobleman who had proposed the toast , “ let the young people alone ; let me tell you , on one ’ s wedding day there are more agreeable subjects of conversation than dry politics . ” ! ” said the cardinal , sternly . eyes over that unfortunate city , which contained so much deep misery and so many heroic virtues , and recalling the saying of louis <unk> , his political predecessor , as he himself was the predecessor of robespierre , he repeated this maxim of <unk> ’ s gossip : “ divide in order to reign . ” having conversed for a minute with her	105.873779296875
whom he awaited . ” do so . he . ” said morcerf ; “ my father has in his study a genealogical tree which will tell you all that , and on which i made commentaries that would have greatly <unk> d ’ <unk> and <unk> . turned dreadfully pale ; his eye seemed to burn with a devouring fire . further commands for me now ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . , ” said the cardinal . the rue dauphine , he perceived his carriage , awoke his sleeping coachman by opening the door himself , threw himself on the cushions , and pointed towards the faubourg saint-honoré ; the carriage drove on . d ’ artagnan ; you know that . ” to his	41.37057876586914
system of reticence , he contented himself with interrogating d ’ artagnan by a look . source of it on man that i may no longer vent reproaches upon heaven . ” and brawls , they excited them secretly to quarrel , deriving an <unk> satisfaction or genuine regret from the success or defeat of their own combatants . ” returned the chief , ‘ she is thine . ’ herself that she is so , but for her son , and what you regard as a vice becomes almost a virtue when looked at in the light of maternal love . ” teeth . millions in your hands alone ! ! ” said the light-horseman . i owe her portrait . ” the return of this much	106.75321960449219
loved boy had changed his fears to hopes . the old man . ” aramis had said . mere question of speed . ” barely enabled him to stifle the secret dantès had so nearly divulged . all the praises that are given me should be passed on to the count here ; for he has educated me in everything and it is not his fault that his pupil profited so little from his instructions . for you , who , as i learn , have seen as many lands as are <unk> on this map . ” upon the officers , who were to see that the soldiers observed them scrupulously : the first , that the different corps should so march that cavalry and infantry should	145.27232360839844
be on the same line and that each body should protect its <unk> ; the second , to go to the charge no faster than a walk ; the third , to let the enemy fire first . inquired valentine , uneasily . obtain for me , from monsieur dessessart , leave of absence for fifteen days . ” thought of it ? ” despair , ” said fernand . have my breviary to repeat , ” answered aramis ; “ then some verses to compose , which madame d ’ aiguillon begged of me . window . you are thus ! sinbad , laughing with his singular laugh , which displayed his white and sharp teeth . will have the presumption to set it to <unk> would	68.55718994140625
be to accuse her majesty , queen anne , of falsehood . ” raoul , “ courage ! ” , ” exclaimed he , “ forgive me if i have offended you , and forget the words i spoke if they have unwittingly caused you pain . ” villefort , “ the usurper is detested in the south ; and it seems to me that if he ventured into the south , it would be easy to raise languedoc and provence against him . ” you find that i act as becomes a gallant man . ” impossibility ; and i consider it impious to attempt that which the almighty evidently does not approve . ” belong to him ? ” count of morcerf , and ranks among	60.883750915527344
the peers . ” ? the curate of st. merri was announced . you doing , <unk> a former lackey ? to speak of your friends also , athos , porthos , and aramis ? the other and after mordaunt he recognized groslow . of everything . ” awaken me ? ” . m. de tréville , if , at the bottom of all this , they had not felt it was the great love he bore them which made him speak thus . low , is there no other to be had ? ” haydée to ali tepelini ? ” the affair is serious and <unk> . ” either cheek , her respiration was short and difficult , and her pulse beat with feverish excitement . motionless	68.15575408935547
as one of the stone decorations of the building , then after a long sigh of disappointment the head disappeared . of seeing his highness ? ” murmured cromwell . the scaffold . ” ” said villefort ; “ i never ceased to search and to inquire . that since we are to save the king ? held this rank , and expected promotion on the first vacancy . ” , in the unhappy position of the victim marked for sacrifice ; the finger of god once pointed at him , everyone was prepared to raise the hue and cry . words when the sound of the bell was heard , the well-known signal given by the porter that a visitor had arrived . to tell you that	75.83275604248047
she still loved you . ” here . ” of the carriage surveyed the house , the garden as far as he could distinguish it , and the livery of servants who passed to and fro , with an attention so close as to be somewhat impertinent . lover was in cucumetto ’ s troop ; his name was carlini . find it ? ” in his presence ; from time to time to irritate him by affected disdain , by a contemptuous word ; to provoke him to threats and violence which would produce a contrast with her own <unk> was her plan . better , ” returned the count , smiling , “ you would not give one thought of such a thing for a traveller	72.46798706054688
like myself , who has successively lived on <unk> at naples , <unk> at milan , <unk> <unk> at <unk> , <unk> at constantinople , <unk> in india , and swallows ’ nests in china . as they approached . ’ said she . such a chaos of iniquities . opened before him , and bending his head to avoid striking his forehead he entered a small room cut out of the rock . , and i have very great faith in planchet , who appears to me to be a very good lad . ” athos will be chief <unk> , porthos <unk> , and aramis governor of the fortress . ” uniform <unk> was not <unk> at that epoch of less liberty but more <unk> a	67.11474609375
<unk> doublet , a little faded and worn , and over this a magnificent baldric , worked in gold , which shone like water <unk> in the sun . singularly assisted . ” think so ? ” winter had hastened her departure ; she thought she was condemned to set off that very evening . a thousand pistoles than have lost it. ” he would not have risked more if he had said twenty thousand ; but a certain juvenile modesty restrained him . , planchet ? the saddle , then the old companions in arms again shook hands . remembered that he himself would have charge of the food and the wine and therefore that no powder could be mixed with the food , no drug with	100.79296875
the wine . ” , madame , ” replied monte cristo ; “ the waistcoat and the letter were both what is termed circumstantial evidence ; i therefore sent them to the king ’ s attorney . the horse shall be restored to your lackey , monsieur . ” sides . ” a very rash judgment , emmanuel ? ” said julie . ” exclaimed the queen . me , tell me , i say , ” repeated milady , “ how do you know it ? ” ” ” said : “ go , my <unk> ” edward ran out . said villefort , “ to have such duties to perform at your age after such a blow ! ” said the countess , “ accustomed as	29.318225860595703
he is to burning climates , possibly he does not feel the heat as we do . ” than i possess , poor child ! this but a love meeting , given by a lady to a cavalier , or by a cavalier to a lady , which had been disturbed by the presence of d ’ artagnan and his yellow horse . ” said he , “ and from this letter , which might have ruined me , i will make my fortune . , ” said aramis . side of the wall which <unk> and retains the most heat , they may be seen sometimes talking to one another , but more frequently alone , watching the door , which sometimes opens to call forth one	51.02540588378906
from the gloomy assemblage , or to throw in another outcast from society . my past misery , ” said the count . fly from me by returning to paris ; you believed that i would not dare to quit the treasure over which my master had charged me to watch . know i quit the seminary ? ” man much more unfortunate than you , morrel . ” artagnan saw that his wish was accomplished and his man would not escape him , he recovered his usual tranquillity . ; and tomorrow to the wheel , to the gallows ! the count , with a <unk> air , “ i am very happy to have been the means of preserving a son to his mother , for	57.07392120361328
they say that the sentiment of <unk> is the most holy of all ; and the good fortune which occurred to me , monsieur , might have enabled you to dispense with a duty which , in its discharge , <unk> an undoubtedly great honor ; for i am aware that m. de villefort is not usually lavish of the favor which he now bestows on me , —a favor which , however estimable , is unequal to the satisfaction which i have in my own consciousness . ” into the king ’ s room , change his clothes , put on a black hat and a large cloak and disappear . said he , “ who were repeating the whole of the sorrowful story ; from them	64.94108581542969
i learned it all . ” path to the glade ; but , to his great surprise , carlini arrived almost as soon as himself . day after the arrest of poor bonacieux , as athos had just left d ’ artagnan to report at m. de tréville ’ s , as nine o ’ clock had just struck , and as planchet , who had not yet made the bed , was beginning his task , a knocking was heard at the street door . say about me ? ” to retrace their steps , when , in crossing the suburb which leads to the gates of the town , upon a white wall which was at the corner of a street turning around the rampart ,	44.15897750854492
athos cast his eyes upon a drawing in black <unk> , which represented , with the awkwardness of a first attempt , two cavaliers riding furiously ; one of them carried a roll of paper on which were written these words : “ they are following us . ” , i will return all this . ” , in extreme difficulties , d ’ artagnan would become the preserver of his friends . monte cristo . ; the second followed , and descended from the <unk> . were so nicely weighed and considered no longer exist in france , and the first families of the monarchy have <unk> with those of the empire . which you have enumerated and <unk> your crimes calls for a severe reprimand on	59.51102828979492
the part of the court , both in the name of morality , and for the respect due to humanity . monte cristo to himself , as he came away . you , ” said debray with freezing coldness . the duc de beaufort to himself , “ every man in order that he may lose his heart and soul , must receive from celestial <unk> one of the seven capital sins , perhaps two ; it seems that master la ramee ’ s is <unk> . my house tonight , and therefore can not possibly remain till the end of the opera . monte cristo , he had never for an instant shown any appearance of having been moved . is popular , and does honor to	53.533203125
the title they have adorned it with ; but you are too intelligent not to know that according to a prejudice , too firmly rooted to be exterminated , a nobility which dates back five centuries is worth more than one that can only reckon twenty years . ” ” ” said andrea , “ everything is all right , excepting your refusal , which quite grieves me . ” this piece of wood when he heard faria , who had remained in edmond ’ s cell for the purpose of cutting a peg to secure their rope-ladder , call to him in a tone indicative of great suffering . the will after your death ? ” command over himself , dantès could not restrain his <unk> .	103.34850311279297
strange , ” said m. de tréville , after meditating a minute ; “ you mentioned my name , then , aloud ? ” a man your friend whom you have only known for eight or ten days ? why did you not teach me to swim ? ” we are not its objects ? ” sir , of those desperate looking men who were drinking in the inn where we rested . ” thy gold , shroud thy splendor , exchange riches for poverty , liberty for a prison , a living body for a corpse ! ” one another , and a cloud came over the brows which but lately had been so cheerful . you <unk> heart , ” said d ’ artagnan , “	61.76272964477539
that you are wrong to be so hard upon us tender hearts . ” nothing , ” said monte cristo . but death ? ” gained by buckingham . , and scarcely entering into the world , you have powerful enemies ; if you do not take great heed , they will destroy you . ” quarter of an hour m. d ’ avrigny returned with his associate ; they found the outer gate closed , and not a servant remaining in the house ; villefort himself was obliged to open to them . command of m. dessessart , took up their quarters at the <unk> ; but , as we know , d ’ artagnan , possessed with ambition to enter the musketeers , had formed but	46.47282028198242
few friendships among his comrades , and he felt himself isolated and given up to his own reflections . twenty years previously had persecuted her so <unk> , stood before her , relating how his carriage had been <unk> , how he had been pursued and had rushed into the hotel d ’ o—— , that the hotel was immediately invaded , pillaged and <unk> ; happily he had time to reach a closet hidden behind tapestry , in which he was secreted by an old woman , together with his brother , the bishop of <unk> . a <unk> ! _ ” cried athos . each other , and grew pale . count . ” of mazarin ’ s and was as much hated by louis as	97.47561645507812
the cardinal himself , although placed near his person by the minister . the garden either ; as to the yard , you may do what you please with it ; i should prefer that being altered beyond all recognition . ” , ” replied andrea . . ” fere ! ” he cried in his turn . i am aware of them now ; monsieur cardinal has enlightened me on that head . ” hôtel instead of going up at once to kitty ’ s chamber , as she endeavored to persuade him to <unk> that for two reasons : the first , because by this means he should escape reproaches , <unk> , and prayers ; the second , because he was not sorry to have	56.04938507080078
an opportunity of reading his own thoughts and endeavoring , if possible , to fathom those of this woman . become one of the family , you can ask him that question . ” the matter ? ” cried dantès . the mountains , and he is on the waters ; they follow him on the waters , and he is on the open sea ; then they pursue him , and he has suddenly taken refuge in the islands , at giglio , <unk> , or monte cristo ; and when they hunt for him there , he <unk> suddenly at albano , tivoli , or la riccia . ” the room , under a white sheet which covered it , lay the corpse , still more	66.07746887207031
alarming to morrel since the account he had so unexpectedly overheard . was probably a person who , like franz , preferred the enjoyment of solitude and his own thoughts to the frivolous <unk> of the guides . waves and the sight of the sharp rocks announced the approach of death , and death then terrified me , and i used all my skill and intelligence as a man and a sailor to struggle against the wrath of god . same hand which unintentionally struck barrois has now attacked valentine ? ” you , ” said the major , “ that , fully confiding in the signature of the abbé busoni , i had not provided myself with any other funds ; so that if this resource had	85.42660522460938
failed me , i should have found myself very unpleasantly situated in paris . ” dantès , “ how long shall i have to wait ? ” minister ’ s schemes with the more ardor , because his natural activity would be doubled by necessity . is not ordained for me to die . company , wholly <unk> , though . of <unk> reddened by an acid , and it turns syrup of violets green . two shadows blockaded the road and by the light of the stars might be seen the shining of their arms . been handsome , but traces of sorrow have aged her . the head , his pistols by his side , stretched his cloak over his feet , placed his felt hat	96.13298034667969
on the top of his cloak and extended himself <unk> on the straw , which <unk> under him . the ministers and he came before them pale and trembling , declaring that his son had very nearly been assassinated the day before , near the palace . a jacobin more than anything else , ” said villefort , carried by his emotion beyond the bounds of prudence ; “ and the senator ’ s robe , which napoleon cast on his shoulders , only served to disguise the old man without in any degree changing him . the queen to de winter , “ he is one of my faithful adherents ; but do you not observe , my dear lord , that we are so poorly served	63.85002899169922
that it is left to my daughter to fill the office of doorkeeper ? ” , d ’ artagnan , ” replied athos , without falling into the snare which his gascon friend had prepared for him by an appeal to his <unk> love , “ however that may be , you know in the bottom of your heart that it is true ; but i am wrong to dispute with my master . alone ? ” asked morrel , after he had read it . then , to this postscript , my dear monsieur cavalcanti ? ” us go , ” said the shipmaster . fire on him ? ” count . s visiting the colosseum , as we did last night , by moonlight , and	45.27886962890625
nearly alone . ” allowed him to go , ” said the duke to franz ; “ you , who know rome better than he does . ” the mayor . tears , and much disturbed , softened , he threw himself at her feet . no <unk> least not by name , ” replied madame danglars , “ and the last two or three days we have really talked of nothing but you . sir , ” said madame de villefort , “ that your intentions accord with my request ? ” side into the corridor where the count and franz were , and on the other into a large square chamber , entirely surrounded by niches similar to those of which we have spoken . truth	45.4620246887207
; but a mother has twofold sight . you will , ” replied albert , “ i am in love . ” said the jeweller , as he placed himself at table , ‘ all i can say is , so much the worse for those who are abroad . ’ winter , “ for whom do you take me ? ” to ten years of imprisonment , and to be branded . my lord ? ” he asked . ” cried raoul , swimming on ; then addressing the traveler , who was struggling twenty yards in front of him : “ courage , sir ! ” said he , “ courage ! of comprehension . her grandmother in bed ; the fever had not abated ,	33.85404586791992
on the contrary her eyes glistened and she appeared to be suffering from violent nervous irritability . , i have said , ” answered caderousse . a <unk> from his pocket began to <unk> a few prayers while the clerk disappeared through the same door by which danglars and the attendant had gone out . am about to set off with aramis on important business . a daughter whom i know to be philosophical enough to understand my indifference , and not to <unk> it to me as a crime . ” other five hundred , ” replied milady , placing her hand upon the bag of gold . badly . ” from the wall , he handed it to franz , who read as follows : mortification	66.34789276123047
to him to have visited most of the principal cities in italy without having excited the most trifling observation . the sound of a cabriolet entering the yard was heard . this <unk> had been one of his own <unk> a sure means of <unk> the extent of the change which time had worked in his own appearance . indifferent glance upon the objects we have described , and at the invitation of him whom he came to seek sat down near him . the young woman , supplicating him and clasping her hands together , “ monsieur , in the name of heaven , by the honor of a soldier , by the courtesy of a gentleman , depart ! he to debray , who had thrown	58.29901123046875
himself into an easy-chair at the farthest extremity of the salon , and who held a pencil in his right hand and an account book in his left , “ what are you doing there ? ” replied the englishman . 108 . recommend monsieur le duc to you , particularly ; treat him as a man of his rank and family ought to be treated ; that is , never leave him alone an instant . ” looking for ? ” thought edmond . ? ” said the king . ” a thorough <unk> , ” said monte cristo , smiling . to about that sum ; but keep it , and we shall be quits . ” monte cristo watched him in the shadow , and	38.7290153503418
morrel saw nothing but the bright eyes of the count . a regiment , athos ? participate in a prevalent error , ” said madame danglars . ? ” milady , with a solemnity full of melancholy , “ imagine that your sister , the daughter of your father , speaks to you . i am the man you have to do with . request , m. de villefort was the first to give the signal of departure . him what had occurred on the day when the agent of thomson & french had come to her father ’ s , related the scene on the staircase , repeated the promise she had made , and showed him the letter . street the man had indicated with his	38.37099838256836
finger ; but arriving at four crossroads , he stopped again , visibly embarrassed . ” returned monte cristo , “ i do not see , in all i have done , anything that merits , either from you or these gentlemen , the pretended <unk> i have received . something to say to monsieur de flamarens on your own account ? ” i can not go to rome ; if i became pope i could not continue to be prime minister ; and it is only by continuing prime minister that i can make monsieur d ’ artagnan a captain and monsieur du vallon a baron . ” urged you to write ? guise , was a little discomposed at his <unk> and wanted to pass at	80.22825622558594
all risks , believing too , that the man with whom he had to do was endowed with the virtues of his cloth , namely , patience and christian charity . entrance of the rue sainte <unk> , and their horses were fastened to the rings of the arcade . me , rascal , you will be hanged to-morrow . ” he , with that benevolent politeness which distinguished his salutation from the common civilities of the world , “ my cavalier has attained his object . not mine , valentine , i shall always think i may lose you . ” that <unk> the heart ! boy , when a man has been proscribed by the <unk> , has escaped from paris in a <unk> , been	62.85470199584961
hunted over the plains of bordeaux by robespierre ’ s bloodhounds , he becomes accustomed to most things . should set out the next day , at eight o ’ clock in the morning , in order , as he had said , that he might during the night learn the letter by heart . dear lieutenant , i promise you nothing ; but if you bring him back to me , dead or alive , you may ask all you wish . ” ! that you can do with most project gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement . to <unk> up the balls , which were picked up by la ramee and the guard . be m. noirtier ’ s	35.19914627075195
reason , ” answered morrel , “ i can readily believe it to be a good one . ” are all devoted to him . ” , and that would make four . be brought to you ? ” ; at any rate , i think so . ” would be for his majesty , who is seeking everywhere for brave fellows to recruit for his musketeers ! ” of me ? ” inquired the man , retreating a step or two , as if to keep on his guard . the arms of the people . affect the <unk> of the deed , but sanity of mind is absolutely requisite . ” me , gentlemen , ” said d ’ artagnan , throwing up his head ,	30.95263671875
the sharp and bold lines of which were at the moment gilded by a bright ray of the sun . has for more than three hundred years furnished food for so many wild legends , seemed to dantès like a scaffold to a malefactor . right to <unk> that country . ” ” my time . ” the grotto . on in the calmness of the night . be read a deep reproach , as well as a terrible menace . to do so , monsieur ; on the contrary , he came up to me and said , ‘ it is your master that needs his liberty at this moment and not i , since he knows everything and i know nothing . , the post .	62.2415885925293
? signify ; he has a letter of credit on me , so i must see him when he requires his money . ” . ” ! ” returned the cardinal . pale than usual , and his eyes , reddened by want of sleep , denoted that he had passed a feverish night . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ yes , of milady de winter , of whose crimes your eminence is doubtless ignorant , since you have honored her with your confidence . ” me , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ if ever i find him . ” on athos , made a sign to porthos and aramis to keep near them and then placed himself behind the man with the	27.379371643066406
bare arms , who was still laughing at his own <unk> pleasantry and receiving the congratulations of several others . the gascon ; “ is this a snare or not ? and his adversary fired on each other and d ’ artagnan turned to him . not possibly suspect what frightful cruelty was behind the rampart of that pure brow , behind those brilliant eyes in which she read nothing but interest and compassion . , that enables me to <unk> them , i am very ignorant of <unk> , a count of a fresh creation , <unk> in tuscany by the aid of a commandery of st. <unk> , and who would not have taken the trouble had i not been told that when you travel much	79.02967834472656
it is necessary . your kindness , viscount , ” returned the count of monte cristo “ but i suppose that m. bertuccio has <unk> employed the four hours and a half i have given him , and that i shall find a carriage of some sort ready at the door . ” cried ; “ i should be more than glad ! could scarcely believe that he had heard aright . danglars , but had kept away from some instinctive motive , and had delayed as long as possible availing himself of this last resource . long detained . ” cried beauchamp . worse affair for mazarin , whom he execrated for the greater <unk> he had committed . load for a man seeking to escape .	62.23870849609375
” before some copies of albano and <unk> that had been passed off to the banker as <unk> ; but which , mere copies as they were , seemed to feel their degradation in being brought into <unk> with the <unk> colors that covered the ceiling . , ” rejoined mazarin . , “ can i have been following a false path ? —can the end which i proposed be a mistaken end ? —can one hour have sufficed to prove to an architect that the work upon which he founded all his hopes was an impossible , if not a <unk> , undertaking ? on ? ” asked franz of the count ; “ or should we pause ? ” some , madame , and i think	118.74790954589844
we can find a little , and if your majesty <unk> , we will seek for some together . ” winter the fire was lighted by the discreet servant , who had the <unk> of the little apartment , and in the summer ices were placed on the table at the same hour . do ? ” said d ’ artagnan . shortest of those three gentlemen ? ” of the pasha of yanina , do you not ? ” ” he <unk> he thought he might avail himself of the opportunity of speaking of d ’ <unk> “ who by their sagacity and address have deceived the penetration of cardinal richelieu ; who by their valor have got the better of his guards and spies ; persons	54.69401550292969
without money , without support , without credit , yet who have preserved to the crowned head its crown and made the cardinal <unk> pardon . ” my monthly allowance to five hundred francs , my little fellow ? the same place where the duke had left him . passage paved with <unk> , was a little garden , bathed in sunshine , and rich in warmth and light . we can obtain a sight of the piazza del popolo ? ” loved their ease , brought a chair for each of themselves and one for athos . with all the speed its four rowers could give it , felton untied the cord and then the handkerchief which bound milady ’ s hands together . is not only	90.20567321777344
swimming but burning . ” a friend before his windows , at one of which mousqueton was sure to be placed in full livery , porthos raised his head and his hand , and said , “ that is my abode ! ” but he was never to be found at home ; he never invited anybody to go up with him , and no one could form an idea of what his sumptuous apartment contained in the shape of real riches . of <unk> de camus , who arrived in paris with twenty francs in his pocket , became secretary of state , and accumulated wealth enough to divide nine millions of francs among his children and to keep an income of forty thousand for himself .	88.50170135498047
artagnan ’ s practice , ever since the riots , to sleep in the same room as porthos , and on this <unk> morning he was still there , sleeping , and dreaming that a yellow cloud had overspread the sky and was <unk> gold pieces into his hat , which he held out till it was overflowing with pistoles . , you will lose a very curious sight , ” returned the count . do yourselves injustice ; but i am here to do you justice . , presidents and councillors , who came from the parisians , and , on the side of the court , with officers and guards ; it was therefore easy , in the midst of this confusion , to remain as	67.4894790649414
unobserved as any one might wish ; besides , the conferences implied a truce , and to arrest two gentlemen , even frondeurs , at this time , would have been an attack on the rights of the people . the abbé , in a peculiar tone , “ he is happy . ” double-barrelled gun , and two more with my pistols , but i was then disarmed , and two were still left ; one seized me by the hair ( that is why i now wear it so short , for no one knows what may happen ) , the other swung a yataghan , and i already felt the cold steel on my neck , when this gentleman whom you see here charged them	87.93536376953125
, shot the one who held me by the hair , and cleft the skull of the other with his sabre . ; i am sure of it . ” not do to evince my earnest gratitude ! ” his chamber , it was necessary to charge us with this commission . ” we feel when a storm is coming <unk> this issue was near , and could not fail to be terrible . , then ? ” said monte cristo “ you have all the documents with you ? ” been not to have seen you during the two hours of the sermon ? ” owner we ’ d shake hands on it now , my dear dantès , and call it settled ; but i have	53.76201248168945
a partner , and you know the italian <unk> ha <unk> ha <unk> ‘ he who has a partner has a master. ’ but the thing is at least half done , as you have one out of two votes . the duke , rubbing his hands . offered him a better chance than any other place of meeting somebody , he stood still . in the worthy picard , at one time so great , diminished day by day . turn his eyes now and then towards me , and if he keep his word and interest himself for me , in six months i shall be an officer , or dead . . ” , and without sitting down , wrote a few lines upon a	87.42554473876953
parchment of which two-thirds were already filled , and affixed his seal . mazarin ! ” “ death to the cardinal ! ” resounded on all sides . any time to lose , it is half-past <unk> us set off . ” shakespeare ’ s <unk> , he died for another . passed by a calash rapidly whirled along by two post-horses . a thing that he had not before <unk> nothing had led him to the <unk> the ground , trampled here and <unk> there , presented confused traces of men and horses . athos to raoul , “ follow the duchess ; beg her to do you the favor to take your arm in going downstairs , and thank her as you descend . ” ,	82.64541625976562
monsieur ? ” cried the cardinal , astonished ; “ and of what woman are you speaking thus ? ” i must be contented to imagine it . ” august 23 , 1628 chapter lx . the predominating <unk> there always is <unk> sure to be the last thought before sleeping , and the first upon waking in the morning . four men , armed to the teeth , entered by side doors , and rushed upon athos . hear the sound of felton ’ s steps , and rising quick as thought , she blushed , as if ashamed of being surprised on her knees . ” ’ tis impossible . ” the study . go , <unk> for me there , and i will soon join	71.19210052490234
you . ” own uniform best , my lord . ” capital . half . ” but—— ” have been told , and like my <unk> i can do no more . he darted down the rue matignon , and thence to the avenue des champs-élysées . ’ s carriage ! ” said the queen . friend ; better than ever . he seemed to be enduring the tortures of the damned ; unable to rest , he was among the first to quit the table , and , as though seeking to avoid the <unk> mirth that rose in such deafening sounds , he continued , in utter silence , to pace the farther end of the salon . london , ” continued the cardinal . lord	46.63914108276367
leven , crushed by shame , “ sire , we are ready to give you every proof of our fidelity . ” , remain here ? ” sold . ” . ? ” he added , putting his lantern on one of the casks . with the coadjutor , whom i met last night at madame de rambouillet ’ s and whom i found particular in his remarks respecting me . ” wish it . ” reside ? ” i have not ; but very likely i am on the road to it . ” ” the bull ’ <unk> every time ; it is something to hit inside the ring . de la fere live here ? ” asked planchet . o ’ clock at athos ’	40.53773498535156
s residence . know you can do so . man , ” said villefort . , wonderful men , ” said the king ; “ if such things had been related to me i should not have believed them . ” ” we have come to , mother ? ” attack of catalepsy , i should have conducted you to monte cristo ; now , ” he added , with a sigh , “ it is you who will conduct me thither . , upon returning home , the first object i met on the staircase was the <unk> jockey in the pink jacket ! <unk> ” , m. zaccone . ” lord winter . of sufficient rank to do me the honor of crossing swords with me	46.04483413696289
? ” ? ” porthos . put out of the way there , then ; it is , indeed , the bagdad and <unk> of the _thousand and one nights_ . don ’ t die of hunger here . ” not like to converse in our language , ” replied the envoy . bowed , and departed . the gascon . also defective , you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem . numbers ? ” as others . ” cried d ’ artagnan , making them a sign to replace in the scabbard their <unk> swords . andrea , a little overcome , by the solemnity of bertuccio ’ s manner , “ why not ? ” with which we are	40.00165939331055
acquainted , and entered noirtier ’ s room . he said that on his way to the funeral he had met monte cristo , who was directing his steps towards the rue de la chaussée d ’ antin , to m. danglars ’ . the french officer who led the troops of my noble father ! door , awaiting the explanation of this strange occurrence . the queen , ” said aramis , “ we must first see the cardinal ; and when we have seen the <unk> what i tell you , <unk> shall be reunited to our friends , but not in the way you wish . ” the curate , apparently accustomed to this tone , “ yes , we wish to know your opinion	34.61519241333008
of the events of to-day and what you have heard said by people going in and out of the church . ” d ’ artagnan , and it seemed to him that the moment for attack had arrived . had hoped you set a higher value on the title of friend . ” which the <unk> of the turks , the <unk> of the <unk> , the stake and the brand of the <unk> <unk> , are <unk> tortures , and which are unpunished by society ? cried i , ‘ do you , a magistrate , speak thus to me ? ’ off than even that . ” of aramis . may try , a month hence , to marry me again ; and to whom ?	57.842979431152344
—m . asking the man the right way , continued his route , agitated in spite of himself at the idea of seeing once more that singular man whom he had so truly loved and who had contributed so much by advice and example to his education as a gentleman . ! ” ” give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . avoided the monk by the whole width of the road and passed him , turning his head away in <unk> . return , how does it concern you ? the pale of the protection of the law , preparations on both sides were <unk> the queen , to attack paris ,	62.298095703125
by the citizens , to defend it . ! ” cried morrel , turning pale , “ what is it ? ” and scarlet with humiliation , left the room , shutting the door violently after her . them ; they played , and i won . information on that point ? us , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ we must relieve each other in mounting guard over my lord and each of us must watch three hours at a time . , consisting of an immense workshop , two pavilions at the bottom of the garden , and the garden itself , had been purchased by emmanuel , who had seen at a glance that he could make of it a profitable speculation . aramis	47.043392181396484
, “ you allowed yourself just now to treat us in a most extraordinary manner . , and pray disturb us no longer , ” said madame de villefort , giving the album to edward , who then went towards the door , led by his mother . the man , who was young and pale , bowing with ease and courtesy , “ pardon my curiosity , but i see you come from paris , or at least that you are strangers at boulogne . ” upon you , my friend . opened , and a man appeared , of high stature , pale complexion , and black hair and beard . albert ? ” said madame de chevreuse , hastily . to a <unk> , and	33.86470031738281
set all <unk> at defiance , was the knowledge that the same stranger who had in the morning visited the allées de meilhan had been seen in the evening walking in the little village of the catalans , and afterwards observed to enter a poor fisherman ’ s hut , and to pass more than an hour in inquiring after persons who had either been dead or gone away for more than fifteen or sixteen years . ” said danglars to himself , “ now the thing is at work and it will effect its purpose <unk> . ” o ’ clock ; haydée will soon be here . hour she heard a soft voice calling her ; it was mme . this period nothing had been wanting	66.83039093017578
to tréville but opportunity ; but he was ever on the watch for it , and he faithfully promised himself that he would not fail to seize it by its three <unk> whenever it came within reach of his hand . . <unk> the tempest when the waves became too violent , allowed them to rise to a certain pitch that he might be revenged on the importunate andrea , and besides it would afford him some recreation during the long day . . with him that morning , and made an appointment with him in the rue saint-jacques ; unfortunately , the general ’ s valet , who was dressing his hair at the moment when the stranger entered , heard the street mentioned , but did	70.09722137451172
not catch the <unk> ” as the police minister related this to the king , villefort , who looked as if his very life hung on the speaker ’ s lips , turned alternately red and pale . fire , ‘ my supper , ’ said he ; ‘ my expedition has given me an appetite . ’ across his forehead , which was clouded with doubt . ” answered raoul , “ you joke about a real misfortune ; that is cruel , indeed . ” honor . ” , speak on , queen , ” said buckingham ; “ the sweetness of your voice covers the harshness of your words . end ! ” you , kitty ? cromwell to mazarin , and the queen guessed	46.969112396240234
rightly ; we have been forestalled . to flight every one pursued him , until , pressed on all sides , scarron found no way of escaping his escort , except by throwing himself into the river ; but the water was icy cold . sir—— ” said fernand , awaiting with great anxiety the end of this interrupted remark . heard all . monsieur . ” and go down into italy by the <unk> . while defending himself , had manoeuvred so as to reach the secret door by which cromwell had left , had felt for the knob with his left hand , pressed it and disappeared . , madame . ; lock and <unk> were fastened ; these faithful guardians seemed unwilling to surrender their	122.86711120605469
trust . , tell one thing at a time , and do not say i told you . ” prudent man who had provided for all emergencies . auditors . as we do , that interior condition of repose which , thanks to the energy of our government , we are about to attain . than yours , it ’ s true , but , bah ! fell dead ; the rest of the troop took to flight . with wondering eyes . monsieur , oh , yes ; and i hope to prove to you that you have not served an ingrate . profited by the moment . without seeing a human face , and had been left to <unk> myself in the company of bottles .	56.287193298339844
” is the air we breathe ? said the count . his senses . who will not prosecute the affairs of any one , even his own . wherever i go ? ’ it to be most urgent , but i hope , by the speed i have used , that it is not irreparable . ” d ’ artagnan , “ till she comes out . ” in derby the four friends perceived blaisois standing in the doorway of a handsome house . look , a word , a gesture , this impetuous character , which yielded beneath the hand of a woman , and which beneath the hand of a man might have broken , but could never have been <unk> . d ’ artagnan ;	52.333980560302734
“ we must look about us ; he ’ s going to play us a trick . ” he is not with us ; he left paris more than six weeks ago and is believed to have gone on a mission to england . ” exchange , ” said porthos , covered with perspiration and soiled by dust , “ in exchange , i have torn many skins . may die of hunger , ” said aramis . , was the object of popular <unk> , in the first place because he _was_ superintendent of finance , and every superintendent of finance deserved to be hated ; in the second place , because he rather deserved the <unk> which he had incurred . to open the window and	67.64551544189453
let down some bread , a chicken and a bottle of wine to your friend planchet , who has been this last hour killing himself clapping his hands . ” yourself or me ? forced to <unk> payment . ” ” said the duke , “ a proof of his connection with buckingham . ” the better , ” said the supercargo ; “ for it is not pleasant to think that a comrade has not done his duty . ” sake , ” he cried , pale and bewildered , without seeing whom he was addressing , — “ for pity ’ s sake do not call assistance ! was wounded on that very shoulder against which i must run head foremost , like a <unk> .	62.697967529296875
, each with a good heart , a good arm and a sword at the service of those who wanted it . jacopo , ” she said , “ the captain of the yacht ; ” and she beckoned him towards them . a scratch , ” said d ’ artagnan . ? ” debray shrugged his shoulders . contrary to most history , it is true ; but what you tell me , madame , what you inquire of me , is not the result of a chance <unk> , for two years ago you asked me the same questions , and said then , that for a very long time this history of mithridates had occupied your mind . ” human justice i <unk> to be	53.08467483520508
that of the justice of god . ” every day of those fourteen years i renewed the vow of vengeance which i had made the first day ; and yet i was not aware that you had married fernand , my calumniator , and that my father had died of hunger ! ” cried the gascon and porthos . left the room , noirtier looked at valentine with a malicious expression that said many things . he , “ if you came to me with the idea of demanding satisfaction , you should have gone at once to the point , and not have entertained me with the idle conversation to which i have been patiently listening for the last half hour . the fowl timidly , and	51.67515182495117
shuddered when he felt the knee of the procurator ’ s wife under the table , as it came in search of his . in the ante-chamber with impatience , till he should be conducted to them . leaving the dinner served . few minutes , he stopped at a leaf which had several notes , and compared them with the deed of sale , which lay on the table , and recalling his <unk> up , having , he said , no wish to sleep ; but the queen was firm . you please , sir , ” said the king , who began to give way to the emotion which had showed itself in blacas ’ s face and affected villefort ’ s voice . under	46.586551666259766
the pretext that she had not slept well in the night and wanted rest , sent away the woman who attended her . on his lips . ? wanting . ” morrel . chapter 9 . an intrigue between her and m. de wardes , our presumptuous hero gave but little heed to that , although the marquis was young , handsome , rich , and high in the cardinal ’ s favor . to be afraid , they had stayed behind , and he continued to advance . view things on the dark side , methinks . ” the first time that the lodger ’ s name was lucien ; still , as he was the very perfection of a door-keeper , he made up his mind	74.11141967773438
not to tell his wife . in your case , —to whom could your disappearance have been serviceable ? ” inquire into that , ” was caderousse ’ s reply ; and turning towards the young man , said , “ well , catalan , can ’ t you make up your mind ? ” one then ? ” asked the officer . throat , and pressed as hard as he could . said porthos . ) plan , believe me . ” effect upon the poor girl that she had never ceased walking from paris till she reached burgundy , her native place . the sword with her hands ; but d ’ artagnan kept it free from her grasp , and presenting the point , sometimes	59.2052001953125
at her eyes , sometimes at her breast , compelled her to glide behind the bedstead , while he aimed at making his retreat by the door which led to kitty ’ s apartment . abandoned and poor , for the wife of a bankrupt would never be forgiven , were she to keep up an appearance of <unk> . ” imprudence to recall himself to the memory of the cardinal . , has not dantès given you a letter from him ? ” with some of course , ” replied monte cristo . word and made friquet his heir . has no longer measure , space has no longer distance . the patron , “ let what may happen , it shall never be said that we	68.10065460205078
deserted a good comrade like you . a man in his majesty ’ s service ? ” in arousing porthos . ” said comminges , hastening to d ’ artagnan , “ here is one who can tell you better than myself , for he was my protector . and tomorrow , when you awake , you shall find a collection of costumes with which you will be satisfied . ” the corners of the streets ; and even they who had begun to open negotiations interrupted them , being resolved to await the succor so <unk> announced . without saying a word more ; danglars , therefore , concluded that such luxuries were common at the table of the illustrious descendant of the cavalcanti , who most	65.24787902832031
likely in lucca fed upon trout brought from switzerland , and lobsters sent from england , by the same means used by the count to bring the lampreys from lake fusaro , and the sterlet from the volga . in vain she told me you would not come ! beauchamp , with a look of sorrow which stupefied the young man , “ let us first sit down and talk . ” name is valentine , and i have already prayed for her . ” his hand the lighted match , walked towards the opening in the cavern , and , aided by the faint light which streamed in through the mouth of the cave , picked up the token . the tavern of the golden harrow ,	82.98462677001953
give the password to the landlord , and you will find , as you have here , a horse ready saddled . ” ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and we place ourselves at your orders . ” then , ” he said , rather uttering his thoughts aloud than addressing his companion , — “ it is true , then , that all our actions leave their <unk> sad , others <unk> our paths ; it is true that every step in our lives is like the course of an insect on the <unk> ; —it leaves its track ! said the banker , “ but you will tire yourself , baroness , by such late hours , and m. debray lives some distance from here	82.1358642578125
. ” , he replied , with that logic which the reader has , doubtless , remarked in him , “ there is nothing astonishing in seeing a gendarme at an inn ; instead of being astonished , let me dress myself. ” and the youth dressed himself with a facility his valet de chambre had failed to rob him of during the two months of fashionable life he had led in paris . ! ” . ? ” over , the coadjutor , without stopping to change his <unk> dress , took his way toward that old tower which he knew so well . the cardinal ’ s promises as of little worth , he affected to be completely satisfied , for he was unwilling to discourage	87.19577026367188
porthos . do not understand , ” said porthos . of bitter vengeance over the dead body of the one and the tomb of the other . , then , and the foolish fellow lost all he had ? ” of the river , should we even find them three ranks deep , as long as you and your regiment do your duty , we will look to the rest . ” was it ? ” cried one of the guards , “ will you persist in saying , most discreet aramis , that you are not on good terms with madame de bois-tracy , when that gracious lady has the kindness to lend you one of her handkerchiefs ? ” said madame de villefort , endeavoring by	59.40397262573242
a struggle , and with effort , to get away from her thoughts , “ however skilfully it is prepared , crime is always crime , and if it avoid human scrutiny , it does not escape the eye of god . he leaped lightly into the saddle and set out at full gallop ; only instead of following the road , he went across the fields , urging his horse to the utmost and stopping occasionally to listen . aramis , in his most <unk> tone , “ i had made up my mind . favored by fortune , burst into a loud laugh . out his hand , but the other pretended not to see it and he let it drop again slowly by his side	63.64078140258789
. during these jokes which were intended chiefly to divert athos from the scene which had just taken place , the servants , with the exception of grimaud , were not silent . motives that person may have for trying to extract all he can from you ? ” of madame danglars <unk> , while that of villefort trembled . , all is lost ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . her mistress that he could not be more grateful for her <unk> than he was , and that he would be obedient to her orders . ” , when the arrow lights point downward on somebody ’ s head . ” me . confidence in that poor little madame bonacieux . ” and a strangely agitated sleep	66.40486145019531
; she fancied this morning in her sleep that her soul was hovering above her body , which she at the same time watched . plans . just struck , and m. bertuccio , according to the command which had been given him , had two hours before left for auteuil , when a cab stopped at the door , and after depositing its occupant at the gate , immediately hurried away , as if ashamed of its employment . devil are you going now ? ” cried athos . no longer pure , but thick and mephitic , —he was in prison . woman , who would place the knife of jacques clément or of ravaillac in the hands of a fanatic , would save france .	65.54161834716797
” s name , and i do not choose that the shadow of disgrace should <unk> it . promised himself that on the following evening he would recover from d ’ artagnan what he had lost to porthos , and on leaving reminded the gascon of his appointment . ran up the two flights to athos ’ s apartment , and knocked at the door enough to break it down . from the scabbard . a shrill voice from the end of the room . ” in the same way ; everyone has not black slaves , a princely <unk> , an arsenal of weapons that would do credit to an arabian fortress , horses that cost six thousand francs apiece , and greek mistresses . ” ”	60.197509765625
exclaimed valentine , who was supporting the head of morrel on her shoulder , “ do you not see how pale she is ? ; you have to deal with a cardinal of another kind . give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . beggar , an <unk> hates slavery , and finds himself <unk> in the world . ” is merely a simple question , when this sort of people marry their sons , do they give them any fortune ? ” declared the vendetta against me , who had followed me from nîmes to paris , who had hid himself in the garden , who had struck me , had seen	46.60817337036133
me dig the grave , had seen me inter the child , —he might become acquainted with your person , —nay , he might even then have known it . , speaking in the highly colored language of the south , “ the world grows worse and worse . the anticipated pleasures of the carnival , with the “ holy week ” that was to succeed it , so filled every fair breast , as to prevent the least attention being bestowed even on the business of the stage . honor of knowing madame danglars ; but i have already met m. lucien debray . ” , doctor ? ” demanded villefort . scene of confusion produced in the salons of m. danglars by the unexpected appearance of	122.57352447509766
the brigade of soldiers , and by the disclosure which had followed , the mansion was deserted with as much rapidity as if a case of plague or of cholera <unk> had broken out among the guests . was sufficient to awaken the <unk> of the young man , the effect produced upon him by this vociferous mirth may be easily imagined . they were heartrending . which the door remained open , everyone became mute , and amid the general silence the young man crossed part of the length of the antechamber , and entered the apartment of the captain of the musketeers , congratulating himself with all his heart at having so narrowly escaped the end of this strange quarrel . mme . , gentlemen ,	73.53208923339844
” continued the cardinal , without appearing to be in the least <unk> from his first intention by the diversion which athos had started , “ it does not signify , gentlemen . have gone this way ; we had better take the opposite direction , eh ? ” he repeated . . , i know all that . , ” said the postilion , “ which way are we going , young gentleman ? ” of the château d ’ if . not belong to him ; because , as i have told you , it has to do with a great queen . ” could never get such a man as that . order to assure himself that this was not a dream . had rejoined	34.29524612426758
his companions , who were already in the boat ; but when , after they had all got in , it came to his turn , there was great danger that in putting his huge leg over the edge of the boat he would upset the little vessel . the captain , ‘ we have done all in our power , and m. morrel will have nothing to reproach us with , we have tried to save the ship , let us now save ourselves . ” the following day a calash , drawn by a pair of magnificent english horses , stopped at the door of monte cristo and a person , dressed in a blue coat , with buttons of a similar color , a white	48.92926025390625
waistcoat , over which was displayed a massive gold chain , brown trousers , and a quantity of black hair descending so low over his eyebrows as to leave it doubtful whether it were not artificial so little did its jetty <unk> <unk> with the deep wrinkles stamped on his <unk> person , in a word , who , although evidently past fifty , desired to be taken for not more than forty , bent forwards from the carriage door , on the panels of which were emblazoned the armorial bearings of a baron , and directed his groom to inquire at the porter ’ s lodge whether the count of monte cristo resided there , and if he were within . fault . the englishman , “	117.56592559814453
i have the key of that door ; ” and he opened the door , with a trembling hand , into the second compartment , where mousqueton and blaisois were preparing supper . hand to testify that it was freely given . ” flame of the opposing passions which burned with the blood in the veins of the young fanatic . were to indulge in a quarter of these marks of flattering attention , her reputation would be gone forever . ” service which you propose to render us , count ? ” asked anne of austria , after a moment ’ s silence . beforehand of my coming . ” is all sown , ” said the jesuit , “ and we have not to fear that	54.95224380493164
one portion of the seed may have fallen upon stone , another upon the highway , or that the birds of heaven have eaten the rest , <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> . ” me . ” quarrel like a <unk> ! bragelonne and he is called grimaud . ” and at the end of ten minutes his carriage , or rather the count ’ s , stopped before the hôtel de londres . chapter 38 . points of english horses . ” ! said , d ’ artagnan paid no attention to this persistence of poor kitty . way , my dear albert ! ” said he , holding out his hand to the young man . you are a liar , signor pastrini , ” said franz	36.22990036010742
, “ but that he will not believe what you are going to tell us , —but i will believe all you say ; so proceed . ” without waiting my visit at your house today , looks well , sir , ” said albert . he in a voice perfectly calm , and no muscle of his countenance disturbed , “ well , my dear vampa , it appears to me that you receive a friend with a great deal of ceremony . ” not sleep well ! returned franz , “ you are more susceptible than <unk> , who was a <unk> , and yet no one believed her ; while you , at least , are sure of the <unk> of half your audience .	39.5556640625
cried the duchess , “ i shall do what i can . feet more from the top down here , and the grass is soft . ” devil who taught it you , was it not ? ” edicts , <unk> , and decrees , there he is , captain of the musketeers ; that is to say , chief of a legion of <unk> , whom the king holds in great esteem and whom the cardinal <unk> who <unk> nothing , as it is said . villefort ; “ no , no , madame , there is no such thing as chance . ” ” he said , “ lend me twenty francs ; you will soon be paid ; you run no risks with me .	44.17307662963867
him and touched his shoulder . him put to the test , ” replied raoul , “ but he is a <unk> , which promises something . ” , the notary awaited him in the small salon . gondy , “ there is a <unk> between us . resumed d ’ artagnan , “ not having seen you for four or five years i concluded you were dead . ” take him to prison , and keep him under key as long as possible ; that will give me time to pay him . ” single ornament left , i should have bought wood this winter to make a fire for my daughter and myself . ” , but none was yet found . the palace , followed	51.40232849121094
by bazin , who was lavish of bows and compliments . secretly agitated and on the morrow the gray and black cloaks , the patrols of armed <unk> , and the bands of mendicants reappeared . s <unk> arrived there by <unk> the wall . went to madame de villefort . arrested , and that will give him time ; in three days i will tell them who i am , and they can not fail to let me go . ’ ” de montbazon ; well , monsieur de montbazon is the husband of madame de <unk> ” will not thus give way to evil thoughts . me ? ” goes may make us believe he has been to london and may stop at <unk> , let	63.411415100097656
us give him only half the sum promised him , with the letter , with an agreement that he shall have the other half in exchange for the reply . on the chest ; or does your stomach feel light and <unk> ? ” by drawing forth a little note , written in these terms : me that , madame , ” coldly replied gondy , “ that your majesty admitted me to the honor of entering your presence ? ” , porthos , ” said the gascon . hour after the event . ” , clinging to the curtain ; he uttered the most dreadful sob which ever escaped from the bosom of a father abandoned at the same time by his wife and son . keeper	62.31321716308594
of the seals , looks more than once for the bell d ’ artagnan again bent his way toward the ferry . me , if he ever looked on you with one of those sweet smiles ? the hand of franz had come in contact with that of the mysterious individual before him , and unconsciously he shuddered at its touch , for it felt cold and icy as that of a corpse . tell me ? ” asked he . was hastening towards the wood , was already three-quarters of the way on the road from the grotto to the forest . of his fall . , ” said the <unk> , showing his face . took each a post horse , and a <unk> rode before	53.58738708496094
them . ” some motive to serve in hastening the ruin of a rival firm . , emmanuel came to his wife , who had just finished making up the accounts . you my lieutenant-general , ” said the king . . ” reference to the second-rate fortunes we were mentioning just now . ” the bottom steps , amusing themselves with the following exercise , while ten or twelve of their comrades waited upon the landing place to take their turn in the sport . be a procession of ghosts , for they were all wrapped in white cloaks . watch , and paced up and down with a countenance expressive of the greatest anguish . . name ; this worthy gentleman has only to announce the	74.97879791259766
confidential clerk of the house of thomson & french of rome , with whom your father does business . ” , ” said mazarin , tearing his hair , “ too late ! ” manner ? ” cried athos . , as if crushed by this sentence . smile , and pushed open the door above which were his arms , and which , as we have said , opened into the salon . , ’ shouted a voice . . ” ” asked the fruiteress . man that has spared my son ’ s life ! i , ” said the count , whom a frightful contraction of the lips prevented from articulating freely . had poisoned her second husband ; she had tried to assassinate her	36.50169372558594
brother-in-law ; she had just poisoned a young woman who was her rival , and before leaving england she had , it was believed , caused the favorite of the king to be murdered . ” lower the blinds of the royal carriage , but the young king stretched out his arm , saying : said he . been passed without drawing rein ; half the escort were exhausted and several horses fell down . , ” said aramis . , and saw morrel standing at the door , pale and <unk> . the staircase at which he had entered , and found athos and the four musketeers waiting his appearance , and beginning to grow uneasy . to hunt , for he has neither dogs nor arms	55.49042892456055
; he ’ s not going on a message , for he goes secretly . the dungeon he perceived an <unk> , the white letters of which were still visible on the green wall : find their muskets , their cartridges , and their flasks ; and instead of four <unk> and twelve balls , we shall have fifteen guns and a hundred charges to fire . ” had thrown the body into the river and those words which my remorse <unk> to me are those which i in my pride pronounced . bought for less ; but while d ’ artagnan was discussing the price with the dealer , athos was counting out the money on the table . ; they had had a long ride ,	90.40827941894531
and were dying with hunger and thirst . a heap which rolled down . too sublime to be natural . ” he seemed like one of the ancient titans , who <unk> the mountains to hurl against the father of the gods . monte cristo . , she bit her lip and said , “ then shall i send valentine to you ? ” the old man closed his eyes eagerly , thereby <unk> that such was his wish . have said , the whole camp was in motion . officer by the arm , and turned his head over his shoulder , so as not to lose sight of milady till he was gone out . then ? ” the old man . witness a spectacle calculated	52.031707763671875
to break down your pride . the most exact politeness and the most perfect calmness . twenty-five or twenty-six years of age , of <unk> countenance , <unk> to his superiors , insolent to his subordinates ; and this , in addition to his position as responsible agent on board , which is always <unk> to the sailors , made him as much disliked by the crew as edmond dantès was beloved by them . unmistakable signs , that his fair _incognita_ belonged to the aristocracy . say . ” ” he said , “ or , rather , look upon me ; look at my face , paler even than usual , and my eyes , red with <unk> four days i have not closed them ,	101.54087829589844
for i have been constantly watching you , to protect and preserve you for maximilian . ” caderousse , “ we shall see. ” he then took the greatcoat with the large collar , which the groom had left behind in the tilbury , and put it on his back ; then he took off cavalcanti ’ s hat , which he placed upon his own head , and finally he assumed the careless attitude of a servant whose master drives himself . . ” for i have made a vow never to return to africa . ” ? ” cried jussac . france triumphed , all his influence would be lost . cried d ’ artagnan , raising his head and regaining his self-possession . porthos ,	54.8510856628418
“ the thing would not be impossible with a good plan . ” always love you . gate , and , as on the preceding evening , went up to her chamber . could reach her friend , the procureur had found time to whisper to madame danglars , “ i must speak to you . ” “ all ’ s over . ” turn to become pale . reply to his most illustrious eminence ? ” first stair , when a hand of iron seized him by the belt and stopped him . at his precaution in taking the timber , for without it he would have been unable , perhaps , to reach the <unk> to return to shore , should he be unsuccessful in attracting	54.22999572753906
attention . , ” said danglars , “ you have heard of the misfortune that has befallen us ? ” noise , sir , unless you wish me to consider you as one of the men of whom you spoke just now as cowards , who take their weakness for a shield . somewhat <unk> to <unk> dread of the daylight which even in the desert makes us fear we are watched and observed . young wife had inspired him was a secondary sentiment , and was not strong enough to contend with the primitive feelings we have just enumerated . me ? ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan . collar of his shirt , and lace fell also over the top of his boots . the bottom ,	58.9808235168457
near the <unk> . his belt , looked to see if it was properly <unk> , cocked it , and placed the muzzle close to grimaud ’ s ear . stupefied . a glance in which the deepest melancholy and pity were expressed . here ? ” so drunk as he appears to be , ” said danglars . help any <unk> one was occupied with his <unk> . , monsieur athos is arrested . ” ; i ’ ve ten guards behind me , don ’ t you hear them gallop ? for m. de <unk> ! , i have a ray of hope left ; listen . ” enjoying a ride with madame de guemenee . ” of money to her husband , she took him	51.31993865966797
on his weak side . letters of recommendation for the <unk> ; i gave her a few lines for the director of the valle theatre , who is under some obligation to me . the attention of dantès , as he landed on the canebière , was one of the crew belonging to the _pharaon_ . head sink pensively upon her bosom . andrea , with sufficient nerve for his servant not to perceive his agitation , “ what do you want ? for a commonplace man , a mere rattle , emitting a vague and senseless noise . , ” said she . consequence to me at the end of the matter whether you have any angry feeling or not against dantès . them . , that	60.14004135131836
you very nearly ruined forever that of my master ; and that it was owing to you that he was very nearly being damned eternally for remaining a musketeer , whilst all the time his true vocation was the church . ” from his cravat and placed it on the paper . an hour you will be a king , not a king of a petty kingdom hidden in some corner of europe like france , spain , or england , but king of the world , king of the universe , king of creation ; without bowing at the feet of satan , you will be king and master of all the kingdoms of the earth . , we shall cover ourselves with glory . is dead	79.02783203125
, ” said athos , “ he has not been so long , for he is still warm . them as i have over you . ” felt strength to detach himself by a violent effort from the hand he held , he sprang away , running , while mme . this : — ‘ i swear by my honor not to reveal to anyone what i have seen and heard on the 5th of february , 1815 , between nine and ten o ’ clock in the evening ; and i plead guilty of death should i ever <unk> this <unk> ’ ” the general appeared to be affected by a nervous tremor , which prevented his answering for some moments ; then , overcoming his manifest	54.26557540893555
repugnance , he pronounced the required oath , but in so low a tone as to be scarcely audible to the majority of the members , who insisted on his repeating it clearly and distinctly , which he did . <unk> , ” said another ; “ dresses in fine style . to be heard ; it might be imagined that he was a hundred miles from the capital . , and took the places of grimaud and mousqueton . to go to d ’ artagnan ’ s residence , and bring back some clothes . ” said caderousse , “ make one more <unk> me once more ! ” <unk> , surmounted by a baron ’ s coronet . ” and he loves them by clasping his	61.3488655090332
arms round them . ” monsieur , i believe you ; and as i was about to say , by the word of bonacieux , i have confidence in you . ” was also executed ; and the vessel passed , as dantès had predicted , twenty fathoms to <unk> . ” said the count ; “ i received a letter from him yesterday , but i do not think the hour was mentioned . ” , combined with an astonishing quickness and readiness of <unk> ; the mathematical turn of his mind rendered him <unk> at all kinds of calculation , while his naturally poetical feelings threw a light and pleasing veil over the dry reality of arithmetical <unk> , or the rigid severity of <unk> .	75.7991714477539
the conversation and had understood it . ” and relate your secrets , but , as for me , i do not like anyone who is alarmed by such <unk> , and i do not choose that my servants should be afraid to walk in the garden of an evening . must sleep at beaucaire . said monte cristo , “ is your opinion of your intended spouse ? ” week from this time i will ascertain who this m. de monte cristo is , whence he comes , where he goes , and why he speaks in our presence of children that have been disinterred in a garden . ” t be afraid , sir , ” replied aramis ; and the two gentlemen shortly afterward left	49.73700714111328
the louvre . calculated to reassure her ; all it seemed to say was , “ it is not only your reserve which <unk> me . ” ? ” noirtier looked at the door where the servant had gone out . <unk> ” said porthos ; “ in that case they have eaten everything . ” must get there . ” trust , excuse me , monsieur , for not calling you by your title when i first addressed you , ” he said , “ but you are aware that we are living under a popular form of government , and that i am myself a representative of the <unk> of the people . ” ” cried albert , in the midst of the general surprise .	35.640377044677734
, after having created the world and <unk> chaos , had paused in the work to spare an angel the tears that might one day flow for mortal sins from her <unk> eyes ; suppose that when everything was in readiness and the moment had come for god to look upon his work and see that it was <unk> he had <unk> out the sun and tossed the world back into eternal <unk> then , mercédès , you could not imagine what i lose in sacrificing my life at this moment . ” gives them into our hands , ” answered groslow . energy and courage , was quickly alive to these two virtues in others . yes , ” cried the baroness ; “ my child is	107.96453094482422
there ! ” something easier to grant . ” t let that disturb you , ” cried mme . beauchamp , who had not yet spoken , “ you appear to accuse the count , who is absent from paris at this moment , and can not justify himself . ” yourself , morrel ; this weakness , if it is such , is betrayed to you alone . one as would be made by the <unk> of a ball . ” repaired to the house of a jew , a dealer in precious stones , to whom he disposed of four of his smallest diamonds for five thousand francs each . like certain sounds which announce , as they whistle from wave to wave , the coming	71.6500473022461
<unk> when they pass <unk> a multitude , <unk> an emeute . you so sure ? ” books we read with this object would fill a whole chapter , which , although it might be very instructive , would certainly afford our readers but little amusement . ; the poor young girl had stolen the sacred vessels from a church . ” said milady , with a last doubt . a <unk> branch i had noticed a year before at the precise spot where i stopped to dig the hole . master , and kept at a distance of ten paces from him . more fatal , more alarming for us—the child was , perhaps , alive , and the assassin may have saved it ! ” the	107.47118377685547
barricade was opened , and the marshal , with the remnant of his company , retreated , preceded by friquet and his bandits , some of them making a presence of beating drums and others imitating the sound of the trumpet . bad ! ” replied the king ; “ i am bored . ” sure i have the right man . ” having corresponded with the enemies of the kingdom ; you are charged with having surprised state secrets ; you are charged with having tried to thwart the plans of your general . ” that he discovered through three or four rather frivolous adventures , that the count , like himself , had a secret to hide in the depths of his heart . am ,	61.954811096191406
proving at once that i am really neither the one nor the other , by entreating you to keep your promise on that score . ” misfortune , ” said de winter , “ and i shall begin to think that we are really doomed . ” started off to the palais royal , where he arrived at the moment of the turning out of the regiment of guards ; and as he had only gone there for the enjoyment of seeing it and hearing the music , he took his place at their head , beating the drum on two pieces of slate and passing from that exercise to that of the trumpet , which he counterfeited quite naturally with his mouth in a manner which had	59.77796936035156
more than once called forth the praises of <unk> of imitative harmony . his master entertained of someday entering into orders , he was always clothed in black , as became the servant of a churchman . continued , “ withdraw a little and let me say my prayer , i beseech you . ” said porthos . said the child , with that jeering smile which marks especially the “ <unk> de paris. ” “ well , we must wait . ” the cardinal , “ you have been arrested by my orders . ” whole , haydée was in the very <unk> and <unk> of youthful <unk> had not yet numbered more than nineteen or twenty <unk> . trust to your word ; you have said	91.07275390625
that my son should live , have you not ? ” it must be he ! ” murmured tréville . , and he must therefore , <unk> , be remarkable . ” his eminence . carelessness . and wiped the cold drops from his brow ; there was something awful in hearing the son read aloud in trembling pallor these details of his father ’ s death , which had hitherto been a mystery . me that title ? ” give you any <unk> ” dantès , trained in discipline , knew that nothing would be more absurd than to question subordinates , who were forbidden to reply ; and so he remained silent . of milady ’ s countenance , she said , “ pardon me ,	57.961124420166016
madame ; you know him by what title ? ” he was marching to the frontier to join the king . ” of the lemonade into the <unk> of his hand , put his lips to it , and after having rinsed his mouth as a man does when he is tasting wine , he spat the liquor into the fireplace . he to himself , “ be a man . eminence is anxious to prevent someone from crossing to england ? ” when i was grafting a <unk> . ” the queen , “ if such be your advice and you have his interest at heart , send him help of men and money , for i can do nothing for him ; i have sold even	54.288414001464844
to my last diamond to aid him . is perfectly <unk> ! very ill indeed ! sighed . wisdom of the queen and that of her <unk> to suppose that they will leave the capital long in trouble that may lead to a revolution . ” this wine <unk> , and sighed deeply . took a man ’ s complete costume , from the boots to the coat , and a provision of linen , where there was nothing superfluous , but every requisite . on madame de villefort ’ s arm . of mine visited me , —m . dear m. noirtier , you intend leaving your fortune to your grandson , edward de villefort ? ” gentlemen , ” said the queen , “ since it	71.28479766845703
is thus , and since you are willing to devote yourselves to the service of a poor princess whom the whole world has abandoned , this is what is required to be done for me . mind may be quite at ease , ” replied the officer ; “ i have my answer ready . ” ” he said , and led them back to noirtier . i have committed . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ this reconciliation is truly touching ; have you not tears in your eyes , porthos ? ” de guiche , “ these are cavaliers . ” allow his guard to be broken . his friends at the café de paris , so that the innkeeper , picking it up after	42.57011795043945
andrea had left , was convinced that he had let his horse to the count of <unk> , 25 rue <unk> , that being the name and address on the card . , moreover , made me his heir , <unk> to me this <unk> breviary , he bequeathed to me all it contained ; no , no , make your mind satisfied on that point . wholly inaccessible to any gentler method of correction . retired to bed , where he spent , indeed , the greater part of every day , as they had taken his books away . sufficient number of people here yet ; we shall be remarked . ” d ’ artagnan to himself , noticing that silent play of countenance , “	93.94830322265625
i am sure of it . ” ye , ” they cried , allowing it to pass . the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg™ license when you share it without charge with others . so ? ” cried planchet . , that the fire at the palace of justice was not caused by chance ? ” asked richelieu , in the tone with which he would have put a question of no importance . : andrea had very cleverly managed to descend two-thirds of the chimney , but then his foot slipped , and notwithstanding his endeavors , he came into the room with more speed and noise than he intended . ” ” said	43.9411506652832
kitty . comfort , this is better for me than tons of gold and cases of diamonds , even were they not as <unk> as the clouds we see in the morning floating over the sea , which we take for _terra firma_ , and which <unk> and vanish as we draw near to them . thought porthos , as he walked away , “ it appears i am getting nearer to monsieur coquenard ’ s strongbox at last . ” had no longer any <unk> to remain at monte cristo . the glittering sabres and carbines of four gendarmes . on , my dear fellow ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for upon my honor , you will kill me with your indifference . ”	57.44535827636719
said porthos . as if the sonorous tones of monte cristo ’ s voice had awakened her from a dream ; and she resumed her narrative . looked on while the soldiers bound felton , and could not tell what to think of such insensibility . men of the church . ” athos . to mademoiselle danglars , who did not appear in the least disturbed , and returned his bow with her usual coolness . to bed , and half an hour after julie had retired , she rose , took off her shoes , and went stealthily along the passage , to see through the keyhole what her husband was doing . the door , and took from the hands of the chambermaid a cup which	56.82292556762695
contained two or three spoonfuls of the syrup , he then carefully closed the door . my lord ; a good animal , whose paces suit me . ” and left the room . the cardinal with a stupefied air . morrel turned <unk> pale . , it ’ s your opinion that monsieur de beaufort will escape ? ” arranging the dresses and linen in a closet when the king entered ; she could not get out and had heard all . ” replied villefort , offering his arm . have to tell me is worth the trouble , or else , i warn you , i will not pardon you for making me come here instead of getting a little rest after a night spent in	51.88554000854492
taking and <unk> a bastion . ’ s determination ? ” a very singular form , which appeared to have come from a distance . the neighborhood ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . he touched edmond ’ s hand when he felt he had done all he could do , and rushed hastily out of the house . , who you said had 30,000 livres , and we only found <unk> . ” ” you pretend it is , ” said he , “ i should be forced , my dear aramis , to reclaim it myself ; for , as you very well know , bois-tracy is an intimate friend of mine , and i can not allow the property of his wife to be sported	40.30278778076172
as a trophy . ” you desire , except relinquish my determination of finding out who this man is . ” four hours ’ march i stop to write to you , for i miss you every moment , and i am always on the point of turning my head as if to reply when you speak to me . said , “ i think that we are decidedly wrong to depart thus , without leaving a line for porthos and d ’ artagnan . ” ” demanded the baroness , springing to the window . thought perhaps you had worn out all your courage the first time . ” , in spite of himself , the recollection of the terror with which the count had inspired the	47.18474578857422
countess g—— , and her firm conviction that the man in the opposite box was a vampire . ? ” workmanship and materials ; over the doors were painted sketches of shepherds and <unk> , after the style and manner of <unk> ; and at each side pretty <unk> in <unk> , <unk> well with the furnishings of this charming apartment , the only one throughout the great mansion in which any distinctive taste prevailed . . disinterred the box ; then , that it might not be known i had done so , i filled up the hole , threw the spade over the wall , and rushed through the door , which i double-locked , carrying off the key . ” said d ’ artagnan ,	67.83422088623047
resolved to be patient to the end , “ it is not aramis i seek , but the abbé d ’ herblay . , as may be imagined , were to our four friends . the men to whom they were addressed . otherwise . his arms , drew to him the heads of his three friends till they almost touched one another . latin , ” responded the marquise . to you for his wife , or for any other person ? chair , passed his hand over his brow , moist with perspiration , and , for the third time , read the letter . ” she said , “ let us see what you would do to prove this love of which you speak .	34.76359939575195
” ” cause of the pretty rooms looking out upon the court of the bell hotel , which with its triple galleries like those of a theatre , with the jessamine and clematis <unk> round the light columns , forms one of the prettiest <unk> to an inn that you can imagine . ramee , ” said the prisoner . for chance , in this case , is too much like providence . ” now what did i do with that letter ? ” ? ” will pay you . ” done ? ” asked franz . of it ? ” up the steps , after pushing his sword into his cane ; a track of blood on the snow marked his course . the chamber in which	58.05926513671875
she changed her toilet . ” <unk> , this was not the first time he had risked his life in such attempts . be ? ” ” said monte cristo , “ confess honestly that you have not perfect confidence in thomson & french . friend ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . greek he had seen in the count ’ s box at the argentina and valle theatres . i understand spanish , or i am a lost man and you are also . ” gave ! ” cried porthos . strange that it should not have occurred to me before ! are rising faster than they have any business to do , and that they would not be so black if they didn ’ t mean	42.014957427978516
<unk> ’ — ‘ that ’ s my opinion too , ’ said the captain , ‘ and i ’ ll take precautions accordingly . is as i have said , maximilian , —there is no one in the world of whom i can ask help but yourself and my grandfather , who is little better than a <unk> support to cling to but my mother in heaven ! ” , was any person present during your last conversation with captain leclere ? ” <unk> by the notary . ” ? ” that peace to her in a true <unk> is to say , with all its advantages ; when he had pointed out to her , in exchange for the precarious and contested royalty of paris ,	65.50965881347656
the <unk> of <unk> ’ <unk> , in other words , of all normandy ; when he had rung in her ears the five hundred thousand francs promised by the cardinal ; when he had dazzled her eyes with the honor bestowed on her by the king in holding her child at the baptismal font , madame de longueville contended no longer , except as is the custom with pretty women to contend , and defended herself only to surrender at last . your majesty deigns to evince towards me is a recompense which so far surpasses my utmost ambition that i have nothing more to ask for . ” he , “ i have travelled through sicily and <unk> have sailed two months in the archipelago ,	113.81885528564453
and yet i never saw even the shadow of a bandit or a <unk> . ” the staircase creak on its <unk> clock gave its warning to strike <unk> door of his study opened . killed him . ” , was rochefort , whom he believed to be in the bastile . think yourselves in a better position than you are . she . bowed his noble head . his age , alexander , cæsar , and napoleon , who have all made some noise in the world , were quite behind him . ” said the sentry , ‘ you may now go on . ’ than enough to think about ; accordingly he fared at chess as he had fared at tennis ; he made blunder	74.26226043701172
upon blunder and the officer with whom he played found him easy game . and i will comply with them . ” , my father summoned me and my mother to the terrace of the palace ; these were hours of recreation for me , as i never saw anything in the dismal cavern but the gloomy countenances of the slaves and selim ’ s fiery lance . ? ” and strong . beneath his own , and led her to the door of the grotto . for athos , who read them with profound attention , whilst d ’ artagnan could not restrain himself from jumping up several times on seeing him read these <unk> , in one of which , there being at the time a	76.94688415527344
very strong light , he perceived the fine writing of aramis . of the carmelites , and went thither immediately . madame danglars : “ a man may murder another out of revenge , but he would not deliberately drown a child . ” names of those three musketeers ? ” had scarcely passed away when the door of the king ’ s closet opened , and m. de tréville saw m. de la trémouille come out . monsieur . he cried , seizing juxon ’ s hands , “ where is providence ? valentine , and i will tell you all about it . they entered her chamber she was still in bed . the activity , and more particularly the hatred , of buckingham . ideas	41.761817932128906
presented itself , valentine was nearly persuaded to ring the bell , and call for help . barrels with his hand , and having ascertained that he spoke the truth , pushed his lantern , greatly to the captain ’ s alarm , into the interstices between the barrels , and finding that there was nothing concealed in them : , <unk> to the felucca . . ” face aflame , his fists <unk> , his lips bitten till they bled , he sat there foaming with rage at that <unk> parliamentary insult and that long enduring royal patience ; the inflexible arm and steadfast heart had given place to a trembling hand and a body shaken by excitement . i die to-morrow at ten o ’ clock	122.84080505371094
? ” of death , five or six times , against the <unk> of political <unk> , and who can say how many daggers may be ready sharpened , and only waiting a favorable opportunity to be buried in my heart ? ” , but he went on asking all the same . ! ” the same expression <unk> the countenances of her two auditors ; she continued : pass lorient and brest without repeating her request to the captain , who , on his part , took care not to remind her of it . vultures ; so we opened the bird , and this time all special symptoms had disappeared , there were only general symptoms . it , madame , but i acknowledge no other	79.74870300292969
power but that of the great man whom i have the honor to serve . ” dictionary . murmured baron danglars , “ this must surely be a prince instead of a count by their styling him ‘ excellency , ’ and only venturing to address him by the medium of his valet de chambre . ? ” said albert , evidently surprised at such a question from his companion ; “ i think he is a delightful fellow , who does the honors of his table admirably ; who has travelled much , read much , is , like brutus , of the <unk> school , and moreover , ” added he , sending a volume of smoke up towards the ceiling , “ that he has	83.12431335449219
excellent cigars . ” my friend ! ” good to remember such trifles in my favor . it , ” said the cardinal , replying aloud to the mute <unk> of his majesty ; “ and the ill-treated people have drawn up the following , which i have the honor to present to your majesty . ” , ” said edmond joyfully . ” she cried , “ i do love you ! the same , but with increasing warmth : “ yes , i can very well understand that after having inherited the fortune of my brother it would be very agreeable to you to be my heir likewise ; but know beforehand , if you kill me or cause me to be killed , my precautions	53.28586196899414
are taken . to do , then at this end ? ” said mordaunt . till he asks ; you will speak first , and tell him that i am gone on the lookout , because certain expressions of our host have given me reason to think the road is not safe . queen and a wife , and it is impossible to thank and love her sufficiently . say , or rather do ? ” ali placed himself in the light , so that his master might see him distinctly , and then imitating in his intelligent manner the countenance of the old man , he closed his eyes , as noirtier was in the custom of doing when saying “ yes . ” de villefort !	57.709007263183594
” said renée , becoming quite pale ; “ don ’ t you see how you are <unk> us ? —and yet you laugh . ” ? ” . king of england , charles i. , on learning of the death of the duke , was that such terrible news might discourage the rochellais ; he tried , says richelieu in his <unk> , to conceal it from them as long as possible , closing all the ports of his kingdom , and carefully keeping watch that no vessel should sail until the army which buckingham was getting together had gone , taking upon himself , in default of buckingham , to superintend the departure . know how i settled the matter . ” concern ; i will	81.57879638671875
make him speak . ” air of importance which such people assume when they are clad with military dignity , said : villefort retired to his study , at eight m. d ’ avrigny himself arrived , bringing the night draught prepared for the young girl , and then m. noirtier was carried away . ’ inquired i , ‘ am i to maintain myself and my poor sister ? ’ , which he was to leave at the end of twenty leagues in order to take the post , planchet set off at a gallop , his spirits a little depressed by the triple promise made him by the musketeers , but otherwise as <unk> as possible . at the corpse , gazed all around the room	64.1558609008789
, then upon the two men ; he opened his mouth to speak , but finding it impossible to give utterance to the innumerable ideas that occupied his brain , he went out , thrusting his hands through his hair in such a manner that villefort and d ’ avrigny , for a moment diverted from the <unk> topic , exchanged glances , which seemed to say , — “ he is mad ! ” you a happy man , and you have turned out a murderer . ” my friend , dear athos ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , in a faltering voice and almost staggering from agitation . entered . , overheard our conversation ? ” asked mme . the cardinal , with astonishment .	43.85356140136719
the commissary , disappeared by the inside staircase , accompanied by the noise which his assertions respecting andrea had excited in the crowd . , ” replied lord de winter . order ; let these three gentlemen pass . ” s nothing , ” said d ’ artagnan . mild . ” steps were heard approaching nearer and nearer ; they were descending the steps leading to the cavern . raoul , with his usual politeness , “ are you an <unk> ? ” to go out , the latter made grimaud the sign of a man taking aim , and the lackey immediately took down his musketoon , and prepared to follow his master . ” repeated he within himself ; and he felt as if he	47.83749771118164
were also dying . what answer you received ? ” fear ? ” ! , fish , game , —it signifies little , so that i eat . ” said she , when the lackey had gone out , “ everything is ready . travelling companion of the viscount ? ” , ” said athos , “ what is the penalty you demand against this woman ? ” excellent ones , which would be universally preferred to all others if once known . . ” tired of singing , and you take a fancy to study diplomacy with the minister ’ s secretary . s clothes <unk> therefore keep a servant ; i have none , and am obliged to prepare my own meals . own apartment anne	65.98140716552734
fell into a chair and wept ; then suddenly struck with an idea : sort of <unk> arrangement ; ask planchet . ” friends sitting at table before a good fire , drinking a bottle of port and devouring a cold chicken . my lord . ” sorrows and my tortures , i show you today a face which the happiness of revenge makes young <unk> face you must often have seen in your dreams since your marriage with mercédès , my betrothed ! ” favor . ” air of a person who hears a name for the first time . when about to marry your daughter to a young man , it is right to make some inquiries respecting his family ; it is not only a	73.48301696777344
right , but a duty . ” kind has happened . ” friend , ” said he , “ that there is not a creature under the sky who equals you in prowess and in courage . other politely , for if no friendship existed between them , there was at least esteem . del popolo , the crowd became more dense , and above the heads of the multitude two objects were visible : the obelisk , surmounted by a cross , which marks the centre of the square , and in front of the obelisk , at the point where the three streets , del babuino , del corso , and di ripetta , meet , the two <unk> of the scaffold , between which glittered	60.490169525146484
the <unk> knife of the <unk> . threat of dying if edmond died , and dropped again heavily on his seat . ? there ? ” possessing the right to dispose of my daughter ’ s hand . . telling us about the extraordinary death of valentine . ” rise , porthos rose also ; these four men were therefore all standing at the same time , with a menacing aspect , opposite to each other . , but he wishes to speak to you . ” ” answered raoul . , and directed his steps toward the door . ” said albert , “ i assure you madame de morcerf speaks freely to me , and if you have not felt those sympathetic fibres of which i	47.753990173339844
spoke just now thrill within you , you must be entirely devoid of them , for during the last four days we have spoken of no one else . ” is this precious stuff ? ” since their arrival in england by the extraordinary men with whom he had the honor to be associated , this seemed without question to be the most wonderful . in this part of the street ; and only two windows looking toward the road , one of which was in a pavilion parallel to that which aramis occupied , the other belonging to aramis himself . ” cried d ’ artagnan , sitting down . said he , “ but help me to die , if you can . ” you going	49.19099044799805
to do ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ you will be shot . ” mercédès ; what she threatens she will do . ” two hours the horses had gone twelve leagues without stopping ; their legs began to tremble , and the foam they shed whitened the <unk> of their masters . had been bestowed on madeleine radelle from the fact that she had been born in a village , so called , situated between salon and <unk> ; and as a custom existed among the inhabitants of that part of france where caderousse lived of styling every person by some particular and distinctive appellation , her husband had bestowed on her the name of la carconte in place of her sweet and <unk> name	95.75239562988281
of madeleine , which , in all probability , his rude <unk> language would not have enabled him to pronounce . ” she asked . aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan , in his turn heaving a profound sigh , “ that is my story you are relating ! ” said he , ‘ just now carlini would not drink your health when i proposed it to him ; propose mine to him , and let us see if he will be more condescending to you than to me . ’ lowest on the wheel of fortune that the <unk> wheels and rewards us . told them that if they would sell it to him , as it would make a magnificent pendant for earrings , he	55.85755157470703
would give five hundred pistoles for it . letter in the post , which is never safe , i took advantage of the journey of one of my lads to paris , and ordered him to convey the letter to this duchess himself . step backward , became so pale that it might be said she was dying , and leaning with her left hand upon a table behind her to keep herself from falling , she with her right hand drew the paper from her bosom and held it out to the keeper of the seals . an occurrence as this ? —a false telegraphic <unk> is almost impossible for wrong signals to be made as they were in the last two telegrams . before , a	74.47865295410156
fever had seized him in the midst of the parliament , while he was holding his bed of justice . expressed himself thus , in that intonation which is peculiar to <unk> of the <unk> , when a loud scream , accompanied by the violent ringing of a bell , resounded through the court of the hotel . ” he inquired . dantès , “ you are goodness itself . ” returned . when the confession terminated . ; i must tell you that the confectioner who lived opposite the <unk> marteau , as they called him—— ” a burning sensation passed across his brow , and he was compelled to support himself by the table to prevent his falling from his chair ; but in spite of	61.269874572753906
all his efforts , he could not refrain from uttering a deep groan , which , however , was lost amid the noisy felicitations of the company . ” replied the count ; “ i have sought to make of the human race , taken in the mass , what you practice every day on <unk> <unk> study . i think , the concierge said . remain unpunished because the criminals are unknown , and we might strike the innocent instead of the guilty ; but when the culprits are discovered ” ( villefort here extended his hand toward a large crucifix placed opposite to his desk ) — “ when they are discovered , i swear to you , by all i hold most sacred , that	81.68953704833984
whoever they may be they shall die . ” no more than an unpleasant circumstance , would have certainly become a cause of serious uneasiness if he had been able to guess by what unknown dangers he was surrounded . each of these relays your address in paris , the four horses will follow you thither . and chosen body with which louis xiii . monk . d ’ artagnan , really carried away by the passion this woman had the power to <unk> in his heart , “ ah , that is because my happiness appears so impossible to me ; and i have such fear that it should fly away from me like a dream that i <unk> to make a reality of it . ”	72.2978286743164
; mademoiselle eugénie scarcely answers me , and mademoiselle d ’ armilly , her confidant , does not speak to me at all . ” against a strong dose ; the poison will be changed , and the quantity <unk> ” he took the glass and raised it to his lips . this is not a servant , but a friend . gave you a fourth of my gains , i think you owe me a fourth of my losses ; the fourth of 700,000 francs is 175,000 francs . ” , when the eyes of the king fell upon him , he sustained the look with so much firmness that it was the king who dropped his eyes ; after which his majesty , grumbling , entered	57.34677505493164
his apartment . long and white , and flowed over his shoulders ; while in his eyes , shaded by thick black lashes , was concentrated , as it often happens with an organ which is used to the exclusion of the others , all the activity , address , force , and intelligence which were formerly diffused over his whole body ; and so although the movement of the arm , the sound of the voice , and the agility of the body , were wanting , the speaking eye sufficed for all . in the united states , you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . executioners were struggling on the ground , and he	52.94481658935547
kept exclaiming , “ he ought to die ! —he shall die ! —i will not die alone ! ” that room . voice ! a feeling of such complete felicity that his mind was fairly dazzled in its contemplation . fast on an errand with which my grandfather charged him , and when he returned , took nothing but a glass of lemonade . ” relating her crimes to you ? , ” said athos , and he rang the bell . the matter over quietly , ” said the count . he examined the arms on the panels and the livery of the coachman on his box . passed since any one has wanted to employ me ; so you see in what a situation i	76.55769348144531
am . ” about to return to the palazzo bracciano without loss of time , when suddenly a luminous idea crossed his mind . person . ” francs , does it not ? ” asked he . to live in such a world of poetry and imagination must find far too little excitement in a common , every-day sort of attachment such as ours . to you in consequence of the confidence placed in you , and which does you honor . : you had business in england . ” comte , ” said the duchess , smiling , “ does one leave so solemnly his old friends ? ” milady , with the exultation of a victim who <unk> his judge . . ” abbé limited himself	65.3202896118164
to objects of strict necessity . grateful , monsieur , if you will , at some future time , renew your offer , but i have been flattered with the hope of being introduced to the countess , and i will therefore wait . ” neither of those ; something connected with this story . ” wild cry , and a hideous and uncontrollable terror spread over her distorted features . de pierrefonds . ” cry of joy , while maximilian raised his head , but let it fall again immediately . she murmured . right ; that name has still its charms , and this is the first time for a long period that i have pronounced it so distinctly . time that you refuse my love	61.22113037109375
, which had your mother ’ s sanction . her friend ’ s generosity , teresa was the most beautiful and the <unk> peasant near rome . my lord , ” said felton ; “ but as the prisoner is a woman , after all , i wish to pay her the attention that every man of gentle birth owes to a woman , if not on her account , at least on my own . ” and let him pass , only calling to him : , for valentine ’ s head swam , and she staggered ; madame de villefort instantly hastened to her assistance , and aided her husband in dragging her to the carriage , saying : and laporte did not conceal from his	46.245826721191406
mistress that he expected to be arrested every instant . my people could tell me nothing on that head . ” the count , “ relate it to me , for it begins to interest me . ” to table ; but they could not refrain from remarking the difference between the count of monte cristo ’ s table and that of signor pastrini . he replaced the stone , pushed his bed against the wall , and lay down . artagnan received the money paid to him by mazarin for any future service he might render the cardinal . it is not <unk> to which madame de villefort objects , it is marriage itself . ” much at your ease , aramis ; he has probably been	49.853485107421875
killed . gutenberg literary archive foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for project gutenberg™ and future generations . gendarme settled the matter , for a crowd of curious <unk> was extended before him , effectually <unk> the entrance to the hotel . aspire to that honor , ” said danglars with a smile , which reminded monte cristo of the sickly <unk> which bad artists are so fond of <unk> into their pictures of ruins . tempting me ? ” last-named class ; and certainly my prospects of military <unk> are most encouraging as well as certain . mazarin , “ and am i not almost a <unk> , indeed , of france ? it respectfully . lost , if by the least gesture	95.67649841308594
you discover that you recognize him . ” , which was locked , and , without speaking a word , answered dantès ’ question ; for he saw between the ranks of the soldiers a passage formed from the carriage to the port . ” d ’ artagnan , seeing that mme . , my son , ” said the major ; and the two men embraced each other after the fashion of actors on the stage ; that is to say , each rested his head on the other ’ s shoulder . ; but is this little woman , then , to escape his eminence ? ” began to cast up the accounts of his party , whose money he managed . spite of all the	36.917869567871094
remarks which she considered it her duty to make , secretly approved of the proposition , my father consented to it at her instigation , and it was only on account of my poor grandfather that i finally abandoned the project . that broussel and blancmesnil had made speeches in their behalf , and , although the eloquence of these deputies had been without avail , it had none the less won for them the people ’ s good-will . same instant four shots were fired , and the balls were flattened against the wall around athos , but not one touched him . lackey ? ” resumed the procurator ’ s wife , hesitatingly ; “ but that is doing things in lordly style , my friend	104.564453125
. ” you , sir , ” said raoul . notoriety <unk> you . ” room . is about to be resumed , monseigneur . directly . ” of these <unk> in london , unknown except to the most intimate of his friends . in some unpleasant position , but do not know of what nature , for i did not ask , not being inquisitive . , but it belongs to d ’ artagnan . the victim of a near relative , whom you believe to be your heir because you are ignorant that before she contracted a marriage in england she was already married in france . ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ who <unk> the wine ? deserted , and think you	47.31968688964844
also poor , for i alone know your real financial position , and am quite ready to give up my accounts as an honest partner . ” of that strange adventure , ” interrupted madame de chevreuse . really impossible to learn secrets which that man concealed from all the world . ” upon his head the punishment reserved for the damned ! ” said felton , with increasing exultation . sure that in less than three days this balsam would cure you ; and at the end of three days , when you would be <unk> , sir , it would still do me a great honor to be your man . ” said the young man , laughing , “ i confess it , and so	47.35700225830078
much more the readily , my dear bonacieux , as i see there is no concealing anything from you . , as if he had seen a serpent . advance , following the sailors , who chose a firm footing . only hope . office is located at 809 north 1500 west , salt lake city , ut 84116 , ( 801 ) 596-1887 . that his <unk> stands in need of being enlivened by a mixture of good wine . ” been accustomed to see them dine together , inquired into the cause of his absence , but franz merely replied that albert had received on the previous evening an invitation which he had accepted . tinged the livid cheeks , consciousness returned to the dull ,	115.33191680908203
open eyeballs , a faint sigh issued from the lips , and the sufferer made a feeble effort to move . his companion , who returned for answer a sign that said , “ i see no great harm in telling him now , ” and the gendarme replied : , ” said barrois , staggering as if he would fall . germain , as he came out from the presence of the queen . ” here is the court ; let us go back to our places . ” taken everything ; there isn ’ t a morsel of bread in the house . ” right , ” said the notary , who feared to lose his fee . and the man disappeared . ” harness ,	45.47496795654297
then your horse , then my harness , then my horse , and then i lost again . end ? ” , ” said athos , in a low tone , to aramis . , with whose retreat the cardinal was unacquainted . ” ” said he . was like a dream , but it was not the less frightful . ” said the cardinal to the young man . house at the gates of paris , m. bertuccio ? ” saddled in their stables , are they not ? ” he said , turning to d ’ artagnan . s name ? ” the handwriting was disguised . ” , then taking leave of old dantès , he went downstairs to rejoin danglars , who awaited him	26.355859756469727
at the corner of the rue <unk> . exclaimed , retreating to the farther corner of his cell . window of the apartment that looked on to the street , and whistled in a peculiar manner . , who could boast of dante for a <unk> , and could reckon back to the <unk> <unk> . ” . ” that i have you , ” said the old man . , ” said the _valet-de-chambre_ . of a man whom i not only detested , but <unk> a man capable of anything , and who had already given me a fatal proof of what he was able to do . ” him ; but felton called to the officer of the post , and drawing from his pocket	30.52049446105957
the letter of which he was the bearer , he said , “ a pressing message from lord de winter . ” through the barrier without exciting suspicion ? peace or war ! to remember his exact words . mention those who aided and <unk> the deed , ” said caderousse . tricks of a demon at his command ? , felton . ” walk i will call on him and we will talk . astonished when , without having the least expectation of such a thing , i meet you face to <unk> , of whom we have so often spoken together , you whom he loves with all his soul , you whom he had taught me to love before i had seen you ! ,	67.89920043945312
d ’ artagnan restrained himself with great difficulty from taking a part in the scene that was going on below . and read : de luynes , raoul , and ask if the duchess can receive you . him , and without even turning his head continued to eat slowly . you keep the poison you generally use ? ” said the magistrate , without any introduction , placing himself between his wife and the door . artagnan with an expression of gratitude and then bestowed on raoul one of those strange smiles , of which children are so proud when they receive them . a time . along the alley , where a number of tracks like those which had trampled down the <unk> , were visible	63.77928161621094
. this language of the poor paralytic ; these were villefort , valentine , and the old servant of whom we have already spoken . towards heaven . , ’ replied caderousse ; ‘ the fact is , we do not lodge <unk> , our tavern is so near the town , that nobody would think of stopping here . ’ your ancestors have traced for you , ” said albert gallantly . vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds . of what consequence is it if she kills me ? ” said athos . thought could present itself , i would stab myself to punish my heart for having for one instant <unk> it . ” ? ” other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg™	55.63591003417969
works . see you have not forgotten the name . ” to do so ? ” ; and since you ask for my prisoners , i bend , sir , to your wishes . for he had not time to mount his horse again , tired , like the guards , of distributing blows with the flat of his sword , had recourse to its point . you know how many would be punished who now escape . ” a bit of paper , lest i should forget it . , does mankind ever lose anything ? suppose , which you were anxious to conceal from the world at large ? ” ? ” albert , as the door of a box on the first circle opened ,	48.777565002441406
“ that must be the countess g—— . ” the catalans ; that first sight of the château d ’ if , which told him whither they were leading him ; the struggle with the gendarmes when he wished to throw himself <unk> ; his despair when he found himself vanquished , and the sensation when the muzzle of the carbine touched his <unk> these were brought before him in vivid and frightful reality . breaking up the pavement and stretching chains across the streets , when , headed by the coadjutor , appeared the prince de conti ( the brother of the prince de condé ) and the duc de longueville , his brother-in-law . ” cried mademoiselle d ’ armilly , whose pity returned as her	76.84590148925781
fears diminished ; “ fly ! ” your own master till seven o ’ clock in the evening ; but at seven o ’ clock you must hold yourself in readiness with two horses . ” ’ artagnan series england is ! ! ” said mme . called a cab , and directed the driver to go to the rue de harlay . times with rochefort , and wounded him three times . , “ allow me , after thanking you for that poor fellow ’ s life , to thank you on my own account . reckon your outfit will cost ? ” said d ’ artagnan . my god ! please ; it is my favorite wine . ” de saint-méran , madame de saint-méran ,	31.003833770751953
barrois , all fall ? d ’ artagnan , made him offers of help , as this change would entail expenses for equipment . expecting him . friend , very good . said the englishman , with a sigh ; “ you frenchmen are born boon companions . ” felton , “ i hear footsteps . ” you , and we will fly ; but from this moment until then , let us not tempt providence , let us not see each other . school of the abbé faria , the worthy master of _la jeune amélie_ ( the name of the genoese tartan ) knew a <unk> of all the tongues spoken on the shores of that large lake called the mediterranean , from the arabic to	93.5306396484375
the provençal , and this , while it spared him <unk> , persons always troublesome and frequently indiscreet , gave him great <unk> of communication , either with the vessels he met at sea , with the small boats sailing along the coast , or with the people without name , country , or occupation , who are always seen on the quays of <unk> , and who live by hidden and mysterious means which we must suppose to be a direct gift of providence , as they have no visible means of support . make them drunk . sire , the same who had so nearly rescued you when colonel harrison made his <unk> entrance . ” have already one man to offer to your eminence ,	121.90396881103516
and he is well worth twenty men . expert in all bodily exercises , passed with d ’ artagnan to the opposite side and challenged them ; but at the first effort he made , although he played with his left hand , he found that his wound was yet too recent to allow of such exertion . the right , he kept the island of tiboulen a little on the left ; by turning to the left , therefore , he would find it . again , and both go under at once . <unk> of persia , travelling <unk> . ” looked toward the spot where the <unk> had been wrecked , and started . therefore , by taking me first out of paris , will	68.15286254882812
you not , my dear m. d ’ artagnan ? ” service , and he is at his rest , sewn up in his hammock with a thirty-six-pound shot at his head and his heels , off el giglio island . friend , let us approach the window and there you can match your strength against that of an iron bar . ” memory is equally short in everything , vampa , ” said the count , “ and that not only do you forget people ’ s faces , but also the conditions you make with them . ” conspirator . the chancellor , hesitating , “ it would be to release broussel . ” toward them . <unk> ’ artagnan had counted his sighs . .	73.00544738769531
to madame danglars , who had already risen to take her leave , and went out . to the tapestry and became pale with fury ; for their ears , closely applied to the door , did not lose a syllable of what he said , while their mouths repeated as he went on , the insulting expressions of the captain to all the people in the antechamber . assent and they all went out , stopping at the window of a gallery on the ground floor . procurator , accompanied by a smile from mme . ; she told me to wait , and i waited . ” england as well as in france , ” said athos . ! ” cried anne of austria , with	36.42525100708008
an accent of terror which proved how much greater an interest she took in the duke than she ventured to tell . ” commands to leave with me , my father ? ” inquired maximilian in a faltering voice . flickered ; the noise startled madame de villefort , who shuddered and dropped the curtain . assassinated ! ” cried all present , with one voice . <unk> , you know . ” dear d ’ artagnan , _morbleu ! _ let us drink while the wine is fresh ! the abbé , as he returned to the apartment below , “ what have you made up your mind to do ? ” he couldn ’ t understand visits of ceremony made under arms . hold in check	77.35667419433594
the mob ; go , and lose not a moment . honor to ask our aid for her husband . me ? ” said the musketeer . the count , “ the world , unjust as it is , will be pleased with your resolution ; your friends will be proud of you , and m. d ’ épinay , even if he took mademoiselle de villefort without any dowry , which he will not do , would be delighted with the idea of entering a family which could make such sacrifices in order to keep a promise and fulfil a duty . ” , even your own shadow . ” sir , ” asked the queen , who could not help feeling some interest in the handsome	42.498165130615234
young man before her , “ what is his name ? ” ” said the abbé ; “ we have some hours before <unk> is now just a quarter past twelve o ’ <unk> ” instinctively dantès turned round to observe by what watch or clock the abbé had been able so accurately to specify the hour . , for him at once more than he would have dared to ask of providence . for him ? ” asked the young man . of your eminence , i report to the convent of the carmelites at béthune , where i will await your orders . ” put me to death alone . , who was questioning him upon the details of his expedition , and every one was	43.220069885253906
listening to his account , when d ’ artagnan and porthos were perceived at the door , behind the cardinal . you are a connoisseur , i believe , let me have your opinion upon them . ” s tomb , ” said he , extending his hand over the head of the young girl , “ i swear to you , haydée , that if any misfortune happens , it will not be to me . ” for the reception of a woman ; and the most finished <unk> could not have formed a wish , but on casting her eyes about the apartment , she would have found that wish accomplished . you may be overheard . . ” , ” said maximilian , stopping at	31.173988342285156
a short distance , “ i do not intend to render another man responsible for the rigorous fate reserved for me . the rue saint <unk> and stopped at the door of a magnificent hotel , surmounted with the arms of de luynes . ? ” , or you may repent of your disobedience . ” in the matter ? she said , “ by these sacred relics that buckingham was not my lover . ” has written to the prince to return in haste from the army . ” the duke when they were alone . fifth year of captivity ; he will ask to speak to you in private , and offer you five millions . ” poor fellow told you the truth . ” the	42.60481262207031
rospoli palace . and looking attentively around him , to see if he had left any of his keys in his closets , mazarin went out . i , ” <unk> the sailors . the composition of the letter , there is nothing to be said ; but as regards the <unk> of the document , i certainly have doubts . ” , tears without end and solemn promises to remain <unk> of course on the part of the hostess . happy again by it . touched the ground when a door opened and the voice of the valet-de-chambre called out : in the morning they set out . olivain ’ s remarks , he continued to urge his steed more and more , and following a pleasant	70.58854675292969
little path , leading to a ferry , and which he had been assured <unk> the journey by the distance of one league , he arrived at the summit of a hill and perceived the river flowing before him . private stair , mazarin leaning on the arm of d ’ artagnan a hand the musketeer felt trembling . has given his description . it was , by raising and lowering his head eight or ten times successively . ’ , says the gospel , ” replied the cardinal . dear count , for <unk> my mother as well as others ; much studied , but not solved , you still remain an enigma , do not fear . in the rue des fossoyeurs . in love allow	74.25489807128906
the clocks to go on peacefully . front , surrounded by <unk> , and when he saw athos and aramis a glow of pleasure lighted his pale cheeks . thing . myself , my lord , ” she said , “ the cardinal will do nothing , and will even , perhaps , act against us . thomas-du-louvre they stopped at the barrier distinguished by the name of quinze-vingts . usury , banker , that i do not understand . ” <unk> his imagination ; fertile as it was , he could not devise any plan for reaching the island without companionship . , lord de winter made his customary visit , examined the window and the bars , sounded the floor and the walls , looked to	59.30717468261719
the chimney and the doors , without , during this long and minute examination , he or milady pronouncing a single word . the commissary , with an air of doubt . d ’ artagnan . a prison ; the walls are double the thickness of the rest . ; you know i only refuse when the thing is impossible . them to tell you something about my guest . ” the place ? ” heard ; a cloud of dust mounted toward the <unk> all was over ! you to suppose ? ” , ’ that is quite sufficient . ” and return , sire ; i shall be back in ten minutes . ” ” cried the abbé ; “ impossible ! ” his pocket ,	42.76254653930664
signed to a keeper whom he saw through the window of the wicket . know . ” with a little forethought one can lead a merry life anywhere and everywhere , ” said d ’ artagnan . , and that was at not hearing any tidings from his friends . ” replied madame de villefort ; “ and yet it appears to me , sir , that if i had met you anywhere , the recollection of you must have been imprinted on my memory . ” king , touch the greatest of us on the head , and touching them make such heads shake on their shoulders . ’ artagnan . , the cardinal ’ s custom to walk in his orangery ? ” asked d ’	45.233680725097656
artagnan . ladder slowly , step by step . left , sir . give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org . ! ” my dear host ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . represent providence ? ” cried mercédès . ? me ? ” said felton . reply . ! ” replied lord de winter , making a bow , half courteous , half ironical ; “ it is i , myself . ” ” whispered monte cristo with a smile of disappointment , “ he is only a thief . ” contrary , i am not inclined to laugh , ” said athos , <unk> a sigh . some cause for this	20.374378204345703
strange scene . ” the travelers were firm , and he was obliged to do as they wished . that ; and how would you habituate yourself , for instance , or rather , how did you habituate yourself to it ? ” venture to draw the cardinal ’ s fat face . . ” replied the viscount . gestures of the <unk> , my horse sprang into the water . heaven ’ s name ! ” and raoul fell back trembling upon his chair . seeing whither he went . servant to wait in the next room and when the door was closed he sprang up from his bed and read rapidly , whilst porthos looked at him with starting eyes , not daring to ask a	42.74739074707031
single question . concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the united states . think you have anything to say against me ? his hand to the bag , took his seventy-five pistoles , and made his preparations to set out at the time appointed . the living barrier was violently broken through . seen that the person to whom i spoke was a woman . ” the viscount , grateful for that praise of his son , whilst the prince exclaimed : the musketeers keep guard , ” said he . is rising . worse ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , seeing a look of vexation on the face of the youth . athos , turning pale . connected with newspapers	41.384132385253906
, here is the pendant to the famous <unk> of the <unk> . ” you are a man of a stout heart , monsieur , ” said the cardinal , with a voice almost affectionate ; “ i can therefore tell you beforehand you shall be tried , and even condemned . ” ? ” kind of <unk> space between the floor of the king ’ s room and the ceiling of the one below it . your surroundings ; you have rapiers here of every form and to suit the most exacting taste . for the procureur . ” makes me shudder . ” this strange familiarity . irreproachable name , as i do , one is rather sensitive . ” four horses of our lackeys we	45.61880874633789
will make two for the masters , for which we will draw lots . joy , and advanced toward his wife with open arms . it , ” said groslow . to give you from the count . ” foot on his head , saying , “ i know not what <unk> me from crushing thy skull , rascal . ” style . well received by the company , but he was moreover looked on with great admiration . will serve for my excuse . athos had educated him with the express forethought of such a great event . one hand and the fork in the other , and was about to cut up the fowl . anguish . an idea of the impression these few words made	58.94550704956055
upon louis xiii . ; you can borrow at least a thousand crowns on it . porthos , with great wisdom , “ that was impossible , for they would have killed the captain and the sailors . ” the world . knew , and it spoke an unknown tongue . comte , ” replied the old man , “ had any misfortune happened to you , i should never have dared to show myself to the marshal again . ” said comminges , “ as i was <unk> the young man for whom you have asked , he approached the glass door of the gallery , and gazed intently upon some object , doubtless the picture by raphael , which is opposite the door . moment with	40.16572952270508
an official , then opened the iron gates and conducted andrea to a room on the first floor . my dear vicomte , ” said athos , laughing , “ to make bad ones ; but to make good ones increases <unk> monsieur de <unk> . countess had lost both her proud glance and charming smile , because she saw nothing but misery around her ; the walls were hung with one of the gray papers which economical <unk> choose as not likely to show the dirt ; the floor was <unk> ; the furniture attracted the attention to the poor attempt at luxury ; indeed , everything offended eyes accustomed to refinement and elegance . friends , complimented , flattered , beginning to believe in the reality	120.10047149658203
of his dream , was almost bewildered . he to him , “ are the diamond studs that you came to bring ; and be my witness that i have done all that human power could do . ” is a member of the club , ” said the president ; “ we shall be driven by a <unk> . ” is the custom of these soldiers to act thus and that it is usual for the regiment to form themselves into two solid walls when the king goes by ? ” always on horseback , like the lowest <unk> of the army , cast a pensive glance over those works , so slowly keeping pace with his wishes , which the <unk> , brought from all the	60.35838317871094
corners of france , were executing under his orders , if he met a musketeer of the company of tréville , he drew near and looked at him in a peculiar manner , and not recognizing in him one of our four companions , he turned his penetrating look and profound thoughts in another direction . , enrolled in the army , but , being married and eight years older , he was merely sent to the frontier . unable to reply from excess of emotion . rich , madame coquenard , and that your husband is obliged to bleed his poor clients to squeeze a few paltry crowns from them . not fight with me , i will kill his son-in-law ; cavalcanti will certainly fight .	77.20591735839844
” do as i have directed you , then . ” only to fall into the cavalcanti . ” me , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ if i knew where the duke of buckingham was , from taking him by the hand and conducting him to the queen , were it only to <unk> the cardinal , and if we could find means to play him a sharp turn , i vow that i would voluntarily risk my head in doing it . ” the hand and led him into the drawing-room , where there were several people . , then , to recall another to you ? ” i think you are right , lucien , ” said albert <unk> . the room was at	30.64031219482422
noirtier , whose face , independent of the emotion which such a scene could not fail of producing , proclaimed him to be in possession of his usual health ; her second glance was at the dying man . the question as to its being the interest of anyone to hinder you from being captain of the _pharaon_ . kind of divan , surmounted with a stand of arabian swords in silver scabbards , and the handles resplendent with gems ; from the ceiling hung a lamp of venetian glass , of beautiful shape and color , while the feet rested on a turkey carpet , in which they sunk to the <unk> ; tapestry hung before the door by which franz had entered , and also in	101.29869079589844
front of another door , leading into a second apartment which seemed to be brilliantly illuminated . satin pantaloon over his black trousers and varnished boots . aramis , “ athos has already told you that you are a simpleton , and i am quite of his opinion . made the tears start from monte cristo ’ s eyes ; but these tears disappeared almost instantaneously , for , doubtless , god had sent some angel to collect <unk> more precious were they in his eyes than the richest pearls of guzerat and <unk> . sir , ” said anne . . ministers understand anything about princes ! ” cried dantès in a paroxysm of delight . , and then returned a sign in the affirmative . observing	81.72936248779297
whether milady had or had not touched her repast , made a sign that the table should be carried out of the room , it having been brought in ready spread . stumbled against a <unk> and then placed its foot on the sand . , madame , ” said lucien , “ that had i really the sum you mention at my disposal , i would employ it more profitably than in troubling myself to obtain particulars respecting the count of monte cristo , whose only merit in my eyes consists in his being twice as rich as a nabob . the only man in the world having the right to say to you , ‘ morrel , your father ’ s son shall not die today	76.57518005371094
; ’ ” and monte cristo , with an expression of majesty and sublimity , advanced with arms folded toward the young man , who , involuntarily overcome by the commanding manner of this man , recoiled a step . . could not make a long voyage ; there was no vessel at anchor outside the harbor ; he thought , perhaps , they were going to leave him on some distant point . indeed a true royal jewel , which is worth a thousand pistoles if it is worth a <unk> . am falling , or rather , bayard is falling , ” answered porthos . _mazzolato_ , the second <unk> ’ yes , ” continued the count , “ it was at first arranged in this	53.950984954833984
way ; but i think since yesterday some change has taken place in the order of the ceremony . ” and dantès threw himself furiously down on his straw . inevitable , ” said porthos . king passed the ribbon down from left to right as usual , raised his sword , and instead of pronouncing the customary formula , “ i make you a knight . more and more , his white lips and clenched teeth filled dantès with apprehension . <unk> , neither of them was inclined to sleep . to remain with him ? ” there was no darkness . from his room . ! ” said d ’ artagnan , taking his friend by the hand . a fat <unk> , mutton leg dressed	64.7116928100586
with garlic , and four bottles of old burgundy . ” mean—— ” once the patient exile of hartwell and the <unk> king of france , excited universal enthusiasm ; glasses were elevated in the air _à l ’ <unk> , and the ladies , snatching their bouquets from their fair bosoms , strewed the table with their <unk> treasures . ” bertuccio , without answering , pointed to villefort with something of the gesture macbeth uses to point out <unk> . to the most horrible tortures he could imagine , and found them all insufficient , because after torture came death , and after death , if not repose , at least the boon of <unk> . misfortune happen to me , ” replied monte cristo ,	133.7712860107422
“ i wish my daughter to be <unk> ” haydée smiled sorrowfully , and shook her head . madame de villefort , constantly returning to her object , “ the poisons of the borgias , the medicis , the <unk> , the <unk> , and later , probably , that of baron de <unk> , whose story has been so <unk> by modern drama and <unk> ” matters when porthos summoned him to dinner . sir ? ” for once he found his master . ” are grateful for the warning he has given . to weary her with questions , but merely to pay their respectful duty and retire . near that france must be interested in our situation , as we are interested in that of	56.58417892456055
france . of increased wages , could induce them to remain ; to every argument they replied , “ we must go , for death is in this house . ” cleared every obstacle away , and he saw successively the lock , placed between two padlocks , and the two handles at each end , all carved as things were carved at that epoch , when art rendered the <unk> <unk> precious . of the most distinguished young men of the day , both as regarded his position in society and extraordinary talents ; nor did he say more than the truth , for in paris and the circle in which the viscount moved , he was looked upon and cited as a model of perfection .	119.5939712524414
, ” said the abbess ; “ today even . s hand in his . the slip , ” said eugénie ; “ this woman to whom we have given twenty louis may betray us for forty ; we will soon alter our direction . ” , madame , ” said he ; “ but i do not precisely recollect the date of the day . ” said athos ; “ but d ’ artagnan will discover one . ” general cromwell has sent monsieur mordaunt to fetch me . monte cristo ; “ he does not wish you to know that it comes from him . ” case , ” observed monte cristo . from boulogne . had already drunk half a glass . his adversaries ,	32.20493698120117
but the other pressed him warmly . maximilian , ” said monte cristo , smiling . had not to deal with a gentleman , and they treated him like a very peasant . so far as a man can resemble a woman . ” ! ” shouted d ’ artagnan . ticket attached to it , by which it might be recognized ; and from that moment the sieur de la coste was charged with the care of all the doors and all the avenues . ? ” asked the procureur , alarmed . that he had been shot , and listened for the report ; but he heard nothing . heaven <unk> virtue , sir , ” added caderousse . a trembling hand , looked for the	39.79924392700195
address , which was wanting , became very pale , opened it slowly , then seeing by the first words that it was addressed to the king of spain , he read it rapidly . monte cristo , “ he begins to conceal his losses ; a month since he boasted of them . ” , and her husband is dead ! ” colonel bridge ? ” asked aramis , “ and how does he go to work to weed the parliament ? ” declared they were both poisoned through eating <unk> . said d ’ artagnan . bastille , there is no afterward ! ” said the cardinal , in a low voice . under the bourbons , but at <unk> ” you mean ? ” think	44.80418014526367
that anything could be done with these bourgeois ? ” with equal rapidity ; the thirty-two horses , dispersed over seven stages , brought them to their destination in eight hours . cried monte <unk> “ precisely so ; and this is what i said to my worthy adelmonte . if the king ’ s troops remained quietly in their camp , it was evident that some day or other , buckingham , who only continued in the isle from obstinacy , would be obliged to raise the siege . kinds better than anything ; so that he related to me how in the plains of the <unk> the natives hunt the tiger and the wild bull with simple running <unk> which they throw to a distance of	111.98786163330078
twenty or thirty paces the end of a cord with such nicety ; but in face of the proof i was obliged to acknowledge the truth of the recital . adventurous and was wont to hesitate at nothing ; and he had that lofty contempt for the populace which army officers usually profess . all this <unk> and fury ? ” asked athos . to you that i never for an instant had the intention of defending my head against you . , ” said she , “ and today is saturday ; i dare say it is the doctor , grandpapa . ” . instant they heard a furious fusillade . then ? ” end of a few minutes the belfry of st . madame de villefort	68.0881576538086
; “ and it is still entirely in the power of my husband to cause the will , which is now in prejudice of valentine , to be altered in her favor . ” grimaud ? ” asked athos . that you know so much of these matters ? ” they , or are they not , my subjects ? when he married her , had no other patrimony than his noble probity , his first-rate ability , and his spotless reputation , wished to possess as much as his wife . harbors ? ” and upon my soul , i would give my life for a hair , ” said athos . as soon as i leave this place i will tell everything . right , monsieur	50.11368942260742
, ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but you know athos , porthos , and aramis , and you know if i can dispose of them . ” d ’ artagnan ? ” with dust , and from a certain easy manner by means of which a man accustomed to travel is always <unk> , the two friends excited the attention of a few <unk> . thousand five hundred francs , ” repeated he . he touched him on the shoulder , saying , “ will your excellency please to awaken ? ” covered with them . ” is time for us to enter the service ? ” to undertake a journey to brussels for the queen ? ” want of respect , he felt an uncontrollable	29.074399948120117
passion for this woman boiling in his <unk> drunk with contempt ; but passion or thirst , as the reader pleases . far as to question m. de tréville—a thing which , considering the habitual reticence of the worthy musketeer , had very much astonished his captain . one of them to break it first , and as d ’ artagnan appeared determined to leave that honor to his companion , aramis said , “ you see that i am returned to my <unk> ideas . ” horses ! ” cried d ’ artagnan to him . had loved him so tenderly , loved him still , although a mazarinist . goes out , has several times been on the point of refusing this invitation ; madame de	81.11066436767578
villefort , on the contrary , is burning with the desire of seeing this extraordinary nabob in his own house , therefore , she has with great difficulty prevailed on my father to accompany her . when it forgets ? tréville gains ten thousand crowns a year ; he is therefore a great noble . toward her . ’ clock in the winter , about six in summer , and went to take the <unk> and see how things went on at m. de tréville ’ s . ’ s steps ; it is my brother setting off again . the greatest personages of rome , especially rich <unk> was the return the holy father looked for . ! ” pure as a diamond or a lily !	65.9388198852539
” mania of which you spoke just now , that of living again in their grandchildren . artagnan the elder girded his own sword round his son , kissed him tenderly on both cheeks , and gave him his benediction . his forehead , as if to try his strength , as a man who is preparing to defend his life proves his shield and bends his sword . spend the last three hours remaining to us of life , like those ancient romans , who when condemned by nero , their emperor and heir , sat down at a table covered with flowers , and gently glided into death , amid the perfume of heliotropes and roses ? ” troops and have you confidence in them ?	125.15167999267578
” wine . ” after <unk> ? ” said he , “ there are two of them ; one does the work while the other stands <unk> ” he made a sign to ali not to lose sight of the man in the street , and turned to the one in the dressing-room . again before your departure ? ” ! ’ s room was full of pictures and mottoes . in projection . ” usual stupidity into a strange prudence . fere ! ” she cried . ” andrea had expressed a wish to be thus addressed . ” said he , “ as you may perceive . ” was of opinion that the island afforded every possible security , and that great enterprises to be well	47.730804443359375
done should be done quickly . , and i thank you , ” continued dantès . these words , suited , as we have said , the action to the words . indemnify and hold the foundation , the trademark owner , any agent or employee of the foundation , anyone providing copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement , and any volunteers associated with the production , promotion and distribution of project gutenberg™ electronic works , harmless from all liability , costs and expenses , including legal fees , that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur : ( a ) distribution of this or any project gutenberg™ work , ( b ) alteration	36.82956314086914
, modification , or additions or deletions to any project gutenberg™ work , and ( c ) any defect you cause . ” cried danglars , “ this fellow is more like an ogre than anything else ; however , i am rather too old and <unk> to be very good eating ! ” who takes my comb and puts it in his pocket ? ” asked the duke . faithful servant , my lord , to cardinal richelieu during his life , it stands to reason that now , after his death , i should serve you well , in defiance of the whole world . ” the englishman , whom he found in the stable , examining the harnesses with a greedy eye . it seems	55.632118225097656
that such a young and beautiful woman should be so avaricious . ” of ré <unk> to him the <unk> of the <unk> ; the taking of la rochelle was the preface to the revocation of the edict of nantes . olivain , that people like us are not to be served by cowards . the estate i desire , i want constant relays of horses at ten leagues apart along the northern and southern road . ” milady , “ you are such a valiant man , and such an expert swordsman . ” to fear but robbers . ” he would not come . repeated the count . exclaimed when the door was shut , “ they seem to have the greatest need of me just	64.8111572265625
now . ” had little presents and <unk> , which you tried to hide from your poor friend caderousse . a town or village is written in her hand ! ” cried athos . the prince , to whom it was of little importance whom he married , so long as he married some one . ” said eugénie ( in a tone which a vestal in the amphitheatre would have used , when urging the victorious gladiator to finish his vanquished adversary ) . exclaimed dantès ; “ do you really believe i can acquire all these things in so short a time ? ” resource served only to exasperate the multitude . upon it . have paid my ransom ? ” you please , my good	82.3452377319336
<unk> here , at least . ” cried monte cristo with well-feigned astonishment . , from anxiety doubtless , —at any rate they postponed the matter for two months . charged eleven times in person . ” near , she became silent for fear of being heard , applying , with a gesture of infinite terror , her beautiful hand to felton ’ s mouth . franz only succeeded in killing a few partridges , and , like every unsuccessful sportsman , he returned to the boat very much out of temper . personal ill-feeling towards the viscount , that is all i can say , sir , ” replied danglars , who resumed his insolent manner as soon as he perceived that morcerf was a little softened	78.14993286132812
and calmed down . ranged on some high ground above the camp . ’ s ring ? a tall , dark <unk> like yours , d ’ artagnan . ” vaugirard , the other rue de la harpe . ” children with all these titles ? ” ” cried mordaunt , “ come to me ! as it had been for the last three days . to read it ? ” said valentine . austria . furrowed by care , and the bold outline of his strongly marked features , betokened a man more accustomed to exercise his mental faculties than his physical strength . much as you generally do after you have had the dose which i am accustomed to give you every sunday ? ” disobey	58.23099899291992
me ? ” morrel , “ it is true ; i have but now left a house where death has just entered , to run to you . ” porthos , “ i expected some gentlemen of the neighborhood , who have just sent me word they could not come . should expect you , sir , as soon as you had finished dressing . ” traces of poison ? ” ’ artagnan went upstairs , leaving his host a little better satisfied with respect to two things in which he appeared to be very much <unk> debt and his life . ? not been given to me , but it had been forgotten and left at my house by one of my friends . m. benedetto ,	48.33139419555664
is nothing more nor less than an assassin ! ” young friend , for you will permit me , i hope , to give you that name , ” said lord de winter , “ on this very evening , if agreeable to you , i will present you to my sister , milady clarik , for i am desirous that she should take you into her good graces ; and as she is not in bad odor at court , she may perhaps on some future day speak a word that will not prove useless to you . ” make <unk> portmanteau ! ” andrea , some screaming , _ “ la <unk> <unk> ! ” <unk> a cruel operation , which consists in cuffing a comrade	76.15184783935547
who may have fallen into disgrace , not with an old shoe , but with an <unk> one . there ? ” asked andrea of himself . bethune , ” muttered grimaud ; “ a man between fifty-five and sixty , tall , strong , <unk> , black hair and beard ? ” and ether . must part , ” said the count , holding out a hand to each of the young men , “ allow me to wish you both a safe and pleasant journey . ” into the room just then he would have noticed the hesitation with which madame de villefort approached the bed and looked fixedly on valentine . house of my noble protector , but i do it from choice . to	45.759307861328125
be dead , and have reasons for wishing nobody to know i am living ; so that i shall be obliged to kill you to prevent my secret from <unk> over the fields . ” to resist , resistance would make so much noise . until the curtain was drawn up . , ” said faria , interrupting the thread of his narrative , “ this seems to you very <unk> , no doubt , eh ? ” to his sword , and said , with the smile of a man who for thirty years has jested with death : must either have paid his <unk> ” , my dear sir , ’ said the jeweller ; ‘ i had , however , as you see , brought	45.324493408203125
you the money in bright <unk> ’ and he drew from his pocket a handful of gold , and held it sparkling before the dazzled eyes of the innkeeper , and in the other hand he held a packet of bank-notes . the apartment with that alacrity which all the servants of the cardinal displayed in obeying him . well believe that , for neither of them was worth a penny . ” in this manner , ” said the <unk> boy . moisture from his brow . two men seemed imminent ; but by degrees carlini ’ s features relaxed , his hand , which had grasped one of the pistols in his belt , fell to his side . you see here ? ” the thames	50.51815414428711
. single <unk> tells you fine things about mazarin ’ s gratitude ! ” service , is he not ? ” carry it along with those of these gentlemen . ” months the level was finished , and the excavation completed beneath the gallery , and the two workmen could distinctly hear the measured tread of the sentinel as he paced to and fro over their heads . are incomprehensible , and there are certain invitations contained in even the <unk> food which appeal very irresistibly to a fasting stomach . i am greatly mistaken , or she has provided against the catastrophe which threatens you , and , which will pass over without affecting her . madame de villefort , “ all these circumstances which you <unk>	93.5905990600586
thus to one another may be broken by the least accident ; the vulture may not see the fowl , or may fall a hundred yards from the fish-pond . ” s the name of the lad whom i made a sergeant in piedmont ’ s regiment ? ” one else polish my arms . morrel , my uncle , who was afterwards a captain . she loved no one , ” said valentine ; “ that she disliked the idea of being married ; that she would infinitely prefer leading an independent and unfettered life ; and that she almost wished her father might lose his fortune , that she might become an artist , like her friend , mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly . ” ?	91.17303466796875
” your dispatches , written or verbal , and return by post ; and when he shall know what you have done , he will advise what you have to do . ” wounded and might denounce their crime , they came up to him with the purpose of making sure . cried milady , who began to feel a chill penetrate her heart . boat , which was immediately pushed off and which soon sped <unk> under the efforts of four stalwart rowers . turn and found the two friends walking up and down . ” . d ’ artagnan , a béarnese gentleman who left paris in company with three of his friends , with the intention of going to london . ” then ! ”	60.802547454833984
said the unhappy young woman , in the excess of her pride and joy , presenting a letter to milady . to you beyond a doubt . ” on the ground the drunken man was not intoxicated . ” monsieur , i thought there would be still time , if you wish , to see monsieur de cavois to contradict me by saying you were not yet gone . guided by mousqueton , took up the way toward the house , already almost restored to their former gayety ; for they were now , as athos had said , all four once more united and of single mind . very resemblance <unk> me ; i should have liked something more in the manner of the venus of <unk>	73.18212127685547
or <unk> ; but this <unk> diana , continually surrounded by her <unk> , gives me a sort of alarm lest she should some day bring on me the fate of <unk> . ” same expression continued . ” andrea , sighing , “ one can not be completely happy in this world ! ” enter . the “ lions ’ den ” were watching the operations of the prisoner ’ s toilet with considerable interest . , the helm was put up , and the boat was soon sailing in the direction of the island . me now ? ” countess g—— ? ” inquired château-renaud . for counsel ; don ’ t tell me you are perplexed what to do . not have to reproach ourselves	55.3253288269043
with anything . ” in <unk> , ” said the count . mine at eleven o ’ clock this evening . wait ; directly afterwards the door was opened wide enough to admit her , and when she had passed through , it was again shut . know what you mean : we shall do very well at the parpaillot . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , quietly shutting the window , “ it is not worth while weeping yet , for probably an hour hence there will not be one of your <unk> remaining in the palais royal , whether they be venetian or parisian . ” councillor , restored to his family : is at last ! ” said d ’ artagnan , as	38.910945892333984
he drew the letter from his pocket . the room . in solitary confinement , in a dungeon , like the lowest criminal . ” ’ s conveyed a terrible doubt ; it alarmed d ’ artagnan more than a menace would have done , for it was a warning . sword , had all the appearance of a soldier ; and his buff boots , still slightly covered with dust , indicated that he had been on horseback in the course of the day . cardinal de richelieu had drawn the duke of buckingham to paris to ruin him and to ruin the queen . ” albert ’ s lips . athos . teresa eleven . s a noise like a <unk> ’ s the air blowing	47.939247131347656
up the deck . that when three great passions , such as sorrow , love , and gratitude fill the heart , _ennui_ can find no place . ” and passed his arm through the opening . all , ” said the prince , laughing . d ’ épinay to noirtier , “ since you are well acquainted with all these details , which are attested by honorable signatures , —since you appear to take some interest in me , although you have only manifested it hitherto by causing me sorrow , refuse me not one final <unk> me the name of the president of the club , that i may at least know who killed my father . ” ’ artagnan , “ i beg you will	61.98199462890625
have a care what you say ; for if you utter another word like that , be you marquis , duke , prince or king , i will thrust it down your throat ! your plans more accurately ; we shall get out into the gallery you have described ; kill the sentinel who guards it , and make our escape . as he traversed the antechamber , made a sign to two gendarmes , who placed themselves one on dantès ’ right and the other on his left . three , ” replied the stranger . eyes . the noise of thunder , the roaring of a volcano , can not be compared with the tempest of cries heard at that moment . , d ’ artagnan	76.05799865722656
started , and half drawing his sword , sprang toward the door . , young man , that he who sleeps over a mine the match of which is already lighted , may consider himself in safety in comparison with you . ” , still shaking his head . fate at aquapendente . ” much frankness , created admiration , but did not entirely remove his suspicions . that the death was not a natural one , and must be attributed ” — excellent <unk> , which i fetched myself from <unk> in order to have it pure , and the best hashish which grows in the <unk> is , between the tigris and the euphrates . the substance was greenish . . the door , which he	90.70640563964844
closed behind the child , and bolted . should be restored to favor , don ’ t forget me . ” italian <unk> . ” here till i release you . ” he , “ yes , anne of austria is my true queen . those who have wished for this demonstration and who are , perhaps , the cause of it ; but , wait , wait ! perceived , with a feeling of real joy , that the queen must have discovered the prison in which poor mme . side of the room as he would have done from a serpent which was <unk> toward him , and his sword coming in contact with his nervous hand , he drew it almost unconsciously from the scabbard	49.54326629638672
. d ’ artagnan , getting into his saddle . more , adieu , ” said morrel . he must have spoken ? ” ; wait ! ” my daughter ? ” said the baroness , smiling . little sloop , with a narrow <unk> and high masts , bearing on its flag the monte cristo arms which were a mountain <unk> , on a sea <unk> , with a cross <unk> in chief which might be an allusion to his name that recalled calvary , the mount rendered by our lord ’ s passion more precious than gold , and to the degrading cross which his blood had rendered holy ; or it might be some personal remembrance of suffering and <unk> buried in the night of	87.87873840332031
this mysterious personage ’ s past life . death , as might have been foreseen . at least will make you my friend ; for you are the only young man to whom i have hitherto spoken as i have done to you . ” us corrupted wretches of civilization to find gentlemen like yourself , <unk> , as you are , of immense <unk> least , so it is <unk> i beg you to observe that i do not inquire , i merely repeat ; —it is not usual , i say , for such privileged and wealthy beings to waste their time in speculations on the state of society , in philosophical reveries , intended at best to console those whom fate has disinherited from the	102.05342102050781
goods of this world . ” by the rebuke he had received , repeated what the concierge had said . ! ” his . france . to a mysterious and fatal influence which that name had over them ; the mere sound of it filled them with terror . regard for the bastille than you . ” thank you ! ” rejoin us as soon as you can . ” fie ! ” said porthos , as if disgusted . friend , we will go forward . ” time . , the son of general d ’ épinay ? ” sir , ” replied monte cristo . sharply . said raoul , “ we have done wisely . ” , ” said the gascon , “ if you	29.9052734375
happen to have any money , lock it up quickly ; if you happen to have any jewels , hide them directly ; if you happen to have any debtors , make them pay you , or any creditors , don ’ t pay them . ” whose eyes were now more accustomed to it , could see the <unk> shore along which the boat was sailing , and then , as they rounded a rocky point , he saw the fire more brilliant than ever , and about it five or six persons seated . chevalier , ” returned lord winter . out his watch ; at length it pointed to seven . about money , if you please ; it is humiliating . ” knew me	75.5344467163086
, do you let me die ? ” rank of sergeant in the piedmont regiment . sinister lines on his countenance . ground , and have an undoubted right to place a ladder against the wall , and to look over when i please , without having any apprehensions of being taken off by the police as a suspicious character . ; and you understand that they would have saved the king . ” said porthos , as he slipped through the opening . the injunction : “ if you value your own life or that of those who love you , remain motionless , and as if you had seen nothing . ” . ” my boy , so we <unk> we will , ” replied the	49.71596145629883
old man ; “ but how shall we be happy ? my lord , till you tell me of what exploits you speak . ” ; not only was the villa brilliantly illuminated , but thousands of colored lanterns were suspended from the trees in the garden ; and very soon the palace overflowed to the terraces , and the terraces to the <unk> . well , ” said aramis . last folly to be committed , ” said athos , “ seeing it is the only one for which there is no remedy . ” cried for help ; but her cries were soon stifled . been with the object of her visit , the treatment she had received from these underlings appeared to her so insulting	59.5767822265625
, that she began by complaining of it . my shoulders , and swim for both of us . ” do at notre dame ? ” without comprehending them ; he might have been executed at that moment without his making a single gesture in his own defense or uttering a cry to implore mercy . ” continued caderousse , “ and capital offers , too ; but you know , you will be captain , and who could refuse you then ? ” given place to a concentrated grief which only rendered more <unk> the brilliant mental faculties of that extraordinary man . one way to the piazza del popolo , and we will go another ; and , if you please , by the corso .	71.7648696899414
can not survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment . ” returned he , “ that you have never visited the environs , for i wish to see my new property this evening , and had you gone with me , you could have given me some useful information . ” the route i am to follow , ” said d ’ artagnan . watch . troop drew nearer to lens , the noise of the cannon sounded louder . notary , who confirmed the news that the contract was to be signed that evening	65.63394165039062
. , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ to treat the guests god sends you in a more courteous fashion . ” riveted on a man who could thus forget his own misfortunes while occupying himself with the destinies of others . it , but am proud of it , ” returned the gascon ; “ i ’ m not such a <unk> as you are . and so may your friend. ” then bowing to the two musketeers with his most gracious smile , he re-entered his closet more calmly , for on the departure of de gondy the uproar had ceased as though by enchantment . weary years . ” a man about my own size . ” till his tongue <unk> to the roof	67.56008911132812
of his mouth ; then , no longer able to resist , he called out . expect from the brother of a capuchin monk , brought up in the school of cardinal richelieu ? aramis , raising his pistol as he passed by him ; but the powder flashed in the pan and it did not go off . the duke , “ really , i feel bored today beyond the power of description . ” for man ; give me one , i will give you the other . ” , bought over by the enemies of your <unk> ” morrel , danglars and caderousse were despatched in search of the bridegroom to convey to him the intelligence of the arrival of the important personage whose coming	62.59407424926758
had created such a lively sensation , and to beseech him to make haste . towards me that you now ask at my hands ? went out , returned by the same way he came , re-entered the hôtel , and went to his apartment . not in conscience , therefore , let you run down the speeches of a man who will one day say to me , ‘ vicomte , you know i give my daughter two millions . ’ ” . ” his horse , not because he was severely wounded , but not being able to see the wound , he judged it to be more serious than it really was . livres , ” said d ’ artagnan , who reckoned like archimedes	55.217586517333984
. out teresa , who was hanging on luigi ’ s arm in a group of peasants . other , —he was made to take an oath , and did so , but with such an ill grace that it was really tempting providence to swear thus , and yet , in spite of that , the general was allowed to depart <unk> free . the journalist , “ these are questions which it is difficult to answer . ” ” said monte cristo in a low voice ; “ it is then true that the sin of the father shall fall on the children to the third and fourth generation . ” whistling noise , he rubbed them well all over their bodies for several minutes ;	60.32109451293945
then , undisturbed by the noisy crowd collected round the broken carriage , ali quietly harnessed the <unk> animals to the count ’ s chariot , took the reins in his hands , and mounted the box , when to the utter astonishment of those who had witnessed the ungovernable spirit and maddened speed of the same horses , he was actually compelled to apply his whip in no very gentle manner before he could induce them to start ; and even then all that could be obtained from the celebrated “ dappled grays , ” now changed into a couple of dull , sluggish , stupid <unk> , was a slow , <unk> pace , kept up with so much difficulty that madame de villefort was more	120.5418472290039
than two hours returning to her residence in the faubourg saint-honoré . understand . ” same price . ” it will be as well if he is not , ” answered caderousse ; “ for if he should be , there will be really no speaking to him . ” dice with a trembling hand , and turned up the number three ; his paleness terrified athos , who , however , consented himself with saying , “ that ’ s a sad throw , comrade ; you will have the horses fully equipped , monsieur . ” distance climbing the rock in order to look down upon the boat as it passed . incoherent details given to me by the abbé busoni and by lord wilmore ,	59.82233810424805
by that friend and that enemy , one thing appears certain and clear in my <unk> in no period , in no case , in no circumstance , could there have been any contact between him and me . ” . right ; let the prisoner be brought in . ” count , we are talking as much of women as they do of us ; it is <unk> . ” ” she said , “ what next ? ” which i live ; at the death of monsieur de tréville , who is old , i may be a captain , which is a very snug berth for a once <unk> gascon . following month the king , in compliance with the promise he had made the	57.155704498291016
cardinal to return to la rochelle , left his capital still in amazement at the news which began to spread itself of buckingham ’ s assassination . , but stopped at the sight of this display of force . d ’ artagnan , “ have we not our friend mousqueton , who managed for us so well at chantilly , porthos ? ” , ” said the prisoner ; “ you know that we who are true christians are forbidden to lie . ” met with <unk> , likewise , on his journey . evening . make you forget this temporary <unk> , and offer you what no doubt you did not expect to find <unk> is to say , a tolerable supper and pretty comfortable beds .	64.72317504882812
” sufficient ; a man can pass through that . ” la fere , a type of nobility , a flower of chivalry . ” repeated caderousse , fixing his haggard gaze on the count . with yellow damask , and the centre one with white damask and a red cross . to her husband . you sleep ? ” said d ’ artagnan . man ’ s brain instantly responded to the idea that haunts all <unk> ! in whispers . and with eyes inflamed , albert stepped back , and morrel closed the door . for monsieur bernouin , ” said the porter , opening the door of the third room . mazarin , breathing more freely . ” said athos , taking his hand ,	30.788116455078125
“ you know i love you ; if i had a son i could not love him better . and with the rapidity of lightning , the stranger drew his . , lord , to see if they be strong ; but soon thou dost afford thy hand to lead them on . ” great politeness by the duke , who held out hopes of easier measures , promised to speak in their behalf to the queen , and dismissed them with the ordinary expression of royalty , “ we will see what we can do . ” dressed , said nothing . , then , that <unk> to yourself this tyrannical right over free and rational beings ? ” fulfilment of this engagement is connected with the	72.203125
person of whom we were speaking . ” consent . ” ” asked the count with deep emotion . admiration , then looked around to see the instrument with which it had been shaped so correctly into form . such as they <unk> men devoted to one another , from their purses to their lives ; four men always supporting one another , never yielding , executing <unk> or together the resolutions formed in common ; four arms threatening the four cardinal points , or turning toward a single <unk> inevitably , either <unk> , in open day , by mining , in the trench , by cunning , or by force , open themselves a way toward the object they wished to attain , however well it	132.46755981445312
might be defended , or however distant it may seem . was hideous ; her usual feverish tremulousness was intensified , her countenance had become livid , and her eyes resembled burning <unk> . s laboratory . ” young men and placed them face to face with the prince . vigor into dantès ; he had , till then , forgotten the date ; but now , with a fragment of plaster , he wrote the date , <unk> july , <unk> , and made a mark every day , in order not to lose his reckoning again . was not only not lost , it grew even greater than ever ; but it was now applied to the little , instead of to the great things of	103.25324249267578
<unk> the martial condition of the <unk> under the head of a good lodging , a rich table , a congenial hostess . sprang into the vehicle , the door was closed , but not so rapidly that monte cristo failed to perceive the almost imperceptible movement which stirred the curtains of the apartment in which he had left madame de morcerf . afterward the <unk> of this craft took them all aboard . , according to your majesty ’ s command , i have frequently interrogated , told me this morning that the night before last her majesty sat up very late , that this morning she wept much , and that she was writing all day . ” you please . ” but she did not	65.91194152832031
raise her head . yet know , sir , on account of the swelling ; but the doctor is afraid some <unk> has been injured . ” project gutenberg literary archive foundation and how your efforts and donations can help , see sections 3 and 4 and the foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org . d ’ artagnan ; “ the some one is coming . ” would prevent the villain from the attempt , and m. de monte cristo would lose the opportunity of discovering an enemy whom chance has revealed to him who now sends this warning to the count , —a warning he might not be able to send another time , if this first attempt should fail and another be made . ’ ” with	62.205894470214844
mademoiselle mercédès ; but for <unk> the words of the gospel , seek , and you shall find . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that a gentleman who is passing by wishes to have the honor of paying his respects to the comte de la fere , and if thou art satisfied with what thou <unk> , then mention my name ! ” mousqueton , “ remember that bread is the true nourishment of a frenchman , who is not always able to get bread , ask grimaud . ” my dear friend , if you are resolved to accompany me there is no time to lose ; the drum beats ; i observed cannon on the road ; i saw the citizens in order	46.024925231933594
of battle on the place of the hotel de ville ; certainly the fight will be in the direction of charenton , as the duc de chatillon said . ” thousand francs , you therefore still owe me five millions and a hundred thousand francs . of the king ’ s musketeers . monsieur , ” she said with a rattling noise which seemed to tear her throat . human figure appeared , but the girl was too familiar with such apparitions to be alarmed , and therefore only stared , hoping to recognize morrel . the invalid . what is the letter you have just read ? —a lover ’ s deception , which the woman who has married that man ought certainly to forgive ; but	59.19709777832031
not so the lover who was to have married her . from <unk> either to <unk> or cairo , or only to naples or rome , and you will see people passing by you in the <unk> erect , smiling , and <unk> , of whom <unk> , if you were holding on by the skirt of his mantle , would say , ‘ that man was poisoned three weeks ago ; he will be a dead man in a month . ’ ” bestow upon me i do not merit . ; then , more helpless than an infant , and <unk> and paler than marble , more crushed and broken than a <unk> trampled under foot , he fell back , doubled up in one last	74.50948333740234
convulsion , and became as rigid as a corpse . said he , “ an order has come to conduct you to london without stopping day or night . , then , ” said d ’ artagnan . , so my company can ’ t do without me ; there ! ! ” ever i thought that i had a friend in the ranks of the royal army , it was you . with us ? ” he asked of groslow . passed , the day after , a week ; i then wrote to the cardinal . website which has the main pg search facility : www.gutenberg.org . , during the evening she despaired of fate and of herself . , ” replied dantès ; “ your	43.873313903808594
strength will return. ” and as he spoke he seated himself near the bed beside faria , and took his hands . saw diavolaccio bearing the young girl in his arms . said porthos , “ neither of them had any advantage over us . brought all this about , ” pursued the lady . man , and repent . ” adieu ! ” said morrel , bowing . . immediately to his hôtel , and caused himself to be announced . she is ? ” secret ! , remove the <unk> ” and d ’ artagnan pushed the <unk> mercer among the guards , saying to him , “ you are a shabby old fellow , my dear . god ! ” murmured the young woman ,	41.22636795043945
“ ought i to confide such a secret to you , monsieur ? they said . in paris five days , and only left this morning . ” carried off and conveyed hither the viscount albert de morcerf . thrown over in which he represented to the rochellais how unjust , selfish , and barbarous was the conduct of their leaders . be visible on your countenance , bear your grief as the cloud bears within it ruin and <unk> fatal secret , known only when the storm bursts . liked me and called me the most honest man in the kingdom . , d ’ artagnan directed his steps toward the rue férou . errand . ? ” perhaps true ; they know my habits . given	117.61224365234375
proof of this ; for , approaching the animals , who had been got upon their legs with considerable difficulty , he rubbed their <unk> and nostrils with a sponge <unk> in <unk> <unk> , and wiped off the sweat and foam that covered their mouths . ought to have a fortune of six millions , but it has been taken from me . ” any accident . my plans , ” pursued aramis ; “ the coadjutor gave me sixty men ; twenty guard the walls of the park , twenty the road from rueil to saint germain , twenty are dispersed in the woods . turned , looking at the young man with astonishment ; and when he had finished , she said in very good	61.782936096191406
french , “ monsieur , i should with great confidence place myself under your protection if the person with whom i quarrel were not my brother . ” fight as an amateur . told you to invite me to appear with these studs ? ” pastrini , “ i am delighted to have your approbation , but it was not for that i came . ” <unk> , and <unk> along at an easy pace . in the city , planchet kept at the respectful distance he had imposed upon himself ; but as soon as the road began to be more lonely and dark , he drew softly nearer , so that when they entered the bois de boulogne he found himself riding quite naturally side by	79.1619873046875
side with his master . said she , in a hollow voice . box , which the lady presented to him , and inhaled the odor of the lozenges with the air of an amateur who thoroughly appreciated their composition . exclaimed renée , turning pale . two <unk> and silence . coming ? ” asked albert . terrible a poison ? ” the four friends waited in expectation . he asked , “ where does your eminence wish monsieur comte de la fere to be lodged ? ” s report of the minister of police . else ? not possess the 175,000 francs i reclaim , you must have lent them to your friends , and m. debray is one of your friends . ” do you	41.36570358276367
not ? ” moment that m. de tréville , on leaving the residence of the _lieutenant-criminel_ and the governor of fort l ’ evêque without being able to find athos , arrived at the palace . . descended the staircase . pope hastened to lay hands on the <unk> , under pretense of seeking for the papers of the dead man . without speaking a word . meung ; then de wardes , to whom i have given three sword wounds ; next milady , whose secret i have discovered ; finally , the cardinal , whose vengeance i have <unk> . ” out of his carriage when the porter met him with a parcel in his hand . , that damned cardinal , ” continued aramis ,	43.8526725769043
glancing at the portrait of the old minister . cry of surprise , and looked at athos with an expression of astonishment that made the old musketeer smile . said to herself , “ is lost , and so are we . ? ” <unk> by this attack . ” would then be the accomplice of an assassination . ” reply , which he by no means expected , started like a soldier who feels the blow levelled at him over the armor he wears , and a curl of his disdainful lip indicated that from that moment he noted in the tablets of his brain that the count of monte cristo was by no means a highly <unk> gentleman . who have calculated everything with such nicety	62.4893684387207
, have you forgotten to calculate one <unk> mean where the revelation of your crimes will lead you to ? d ’ artagnan , with an embarrassed air . , aramis ? ” said porthos , turning toward another musketeer . you deign to give me some proof of what you <unk> ” only <unk> louis more , ” said peppino with the same indifference . woman ’ s head appear at the window , but none of them , except athos , knew mme . today , ” remarked the governor ; “ you are not so always ; the other day , for instance , when you tried to kill the turnkey . ” d ’ artagnan pressed raoul ’ s hand . . writing !	40.35017776489258
” said athos . dear count , ” said he , “ the ceremony is to take place this evening . the detail , ” said she , “ because , having many relatives in business , i was almost sure of obtaining things at a hundred per cent less than you would pay yourself . ” reply , but with a haughty gesture the cardinal dismissed him . with his <unk> banknotes were replaced in the pocket-book , the gold put back into the bag , and the whole carefully locked in the cupboard . i want you to take me up in your fine carriage , and carry me <unk> ” andrea turned pale , but said nothing . me do ? ” said fernand .	49.53630828857422
be true , ” replied the count , smiling , “ perhaps you will be kind enough to give me some account of yourself and your family ? ” answered the count . he wished to speak . ? <unk> , my friend , ” said caderousse ; “ and here is danglars , who is a <unk> , clever , deep fellow , who will prove to you that you are wrong . lamp he saw a woman , wrapped in a dark mantle , seated upon a stool near a dying fire . ! ” said laporte . said athos , “ i have made a resolution never to draw my sword save when it is absolutely necessary . ” to a relation of yours ,	31.491451263427734
then ? ” demanded the journalist . ” continued olivain , in despair , “ what would the count say if he only saw you now ! ” ” his part . ” ” said porthos , majestically ; and the two separated saying , “ till this evening . ” my eyes ? ” and she leaned against the window . wrong , ” said d ’ artagnan . a greatcoat , or rather a <unk> , a little worse for the journey , but which exhibited the ribbon of the legion of honor still fresh and brilliant , a <unk> which also ornamented the under coat . great moralist , and that ’ s the fact , ” said porthos . my dear friend ? ”	34.187721252441406
been at home when planchet came to his abode , he had doubtless hastened to the rue des fossoyeurs , and finding nobody there but his other two companions perhaps , they would not be able to conceive what all this meant . , or rather claimed that ; we had conceded enough for them to yield us that . ” ” are drawing on mine , and that your apprenticeship may cost me 700,000 francs per month . , and only admitted the mysterious light calculated for <unk> reveries . he , “ one never has too much money . people she had around her the more she would have to work upon , and lord de winter would redouble his watch . way that i wished	96.4942855834961
to avenge myself , ” said milady , replacing the glass upon the table , with an infernal smile , “ but , my faith ! ? ” said valentine , raising her eyes to heaven and sighing . to have been here , ” said debray ; “ i wonder what will be talked about tonight ; this funeral is the news of the day . , the count ? ” . of france have the same chance as the emperor ? ” them to do but to follow the prudent advice of monsieur d ’ arminges and beat a retreat . and aramis well knew that they would be encountering great danger ; but we know that for men like these there could be no question	39.052391052246094
of danger . though having the air of having nothing secret about him , he was a young fellow made up of mysteries , answering little to questions put to him about others , and having learned from him the report which prevailed concerning the success of the musketeer with a princess , wished to gain a little <unk> into the amorous adventures of his <unk> . said one of the guards who had remained in the chamber and had been kept awake by a <unk> , brought on by the dampness of the atmosphere , “ my lord has had a very restless night and two or three times , while dreaming , he called for help . ” enjoy that pleasure , ” said aramis ,	72.37019348144531
with his mild and careless manner . . ” ? ” said the count . in the chaussée d ’ antin ; but i know neither the street nor the number . ” ” said porthos , haughtily ; “ do you take me for a beggar ? ” gentlemen , ” said aramis and porthos . certainly fine , so fine that they are superhuman . ” placed than i am that god has laid this responsibility . ” a table in his bedchamber , writing orders with his own hand . i understand , ” replied the patron , “ to find the entrance to the enchanted apartment . and i shall not lose by the exchange . , that the prisoner on the other side	40.111793518066406
had ceased to labor ; no matter , this was a greater reason for <unk> his neighbor would not come to him , he would go to his neighbor . was also wretchedly off , ” he answered , moving backward and forward as he spoke ; “ and had it not been for the hostess , ” he added , with his air of vulgar <unk> , “ who is very agreeable and understands a joke , i should have got a lodging elsewhere . ” i not , the queen ? ruined for the moment ; oliver cromwell has <unk> his income resources . ” de morcerf , i am referred to you , ” said the countess . front of his carriage in the same	59.711761474609375
manner that he had the newspapers which were the innocent agents of his discomfiture , as he was crossing the barrier he perceived morrel , who was walking with a quick step and a bright eye . for a relay , ” said athos . going ? ” asked porthos . the beverage in the original arabian manner , that is to say , without sugar . happened to you ? ” and irrevocable . to consult with him whether it would not be better to send word to the duke to stop on the road , but gondy reflected for a moment , and then said : was stifled or extinct ; you have spared me till now , but since you speak of it , once	41.367835998535156
for all , i tell you—— ” task of saving a man ’ s life that day ; chance caused that man to be myself . , ” said mme . inferior condition ! doing ? ” inquired vampa of the sentinel . have said , the iron gate leading into the kitchen-garden had been closed up and left to the rust , which bade fair before long to eat off its hinges , while to prevent the ignoble glances of the <unk> and <unk> of the ground from presuming to sully the aristocratic enclosure belonging to the mansion , the gate had been boarded up to a height of six feet . , there is a title which i covet much , ” replied scarron . door	90.1289291381836
; this time milady really pushed him away from her . line of politics his father had adopted , and which might interfere , unless he acted with the greatest prudence , with his own career , gérard de villefort was as happy as a man could be . , ” replied athos , sorrowfully . friends , what matters ? ” , you will return to england ? ” even by his terror . , placed on each side of the door of the church , reached to the scaffold , and formed a circle around it , leaving a path about ten feet wide , and around the guillotine a space of nearly a hundred feet . ” cried aramis . , tell it . ”	55.14577865600586
who was not quite dead , and at the sound of my footsteps and the creaking of the floor , he opened his eyes , fixed them on me with an anxious and inquiring gaze , moved his lips as though trying to speak , then , overcome by the effort , fell back and expired . then , that he is in your service ? ” ” said porthos , “ aramis is of the same height , and something of the shape of the duke ; but it nevertheless appears to me that the dress of a <unk> ” of england , sometimes with madame de chevreuse . on his road and will not be baron this time . and he endeavored to receive the minister	45.07018280029297
’ s homage with civility . buckingham thus . ” carefully concealed it , and then went away , closing as well as he could the entrance to the secret passage by the large stone as he descended . wills . ” , he was there , ” replied planchet . had been closed with stones , then this stucco had been applied , and painted to imitate granite . to denounce you everywhere as a murderer , as a thief of honor , as a base coward ! is not , ” replied athos ; “ that is to say , he is dismissed by one-half of france , but by intrigues and promises he makes the other half sustain him ; you will perceive that this	89.46788787841797
may last a long time . ” ” , though not so many as is said ; but these thieves stand in far more dread of a policeman than a lord . ; but , as before , pride prevailed , and a second kick split the door from bottom to top . lost your senses . ” fit to confront the two violent adversaries whose address and resolution your eminence is fearful of . ” ” said the honest servant , “ it was monsieur aramis who posted me here to take care of the horses . ” to escape the next night , and , hidden by the black covering of the scaffold , was to change his dress for that of a workman , slip	98.91696166992188
out with his <unk> , pass the sentinels , who would suspect nothing , and so reach the skiff that was waiting for him at greenwich . letter and read as follows : to him instantly . . stranger time to pronounce his name before the count was apprised of his arrival . , athos , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ upon my word , you are mad . ” sir , you wear too magnificent a baldric to be strong on that head . , ‘ it must be ’ to me , am i no longer king ? ” not overcome the elements . said beauchamp , rising in his turn , “ i can not throw you out of window for three <unk>	53.254249572753906
is to say , for twenty-four days to <unk> have you any right to split my skull open till that time has elapsed . the paralytic with the same solemnity . while i am beginning to get old . <unk> des <unk> , he thought he saw the count ’ s horses standing at <unk> ’ s <unk> ; he approached , and soon recognized the coachman . remember the frenchman ’ s name ? ” said morcerf , quite ready to aid the memory of the narrator . bag are with him ? nothing save the king ’ s gratitude ( which was rather likely to injure him at the present time ) and the cross of the legion of honor , which he had the prudence	59.70088577270508
not to wear , although m. de blacas had duly forwarded the brevet . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ pray let grimaud search them and throw them over the walls . ” civilized man ; he was a tiger hurt unto death , gnashing his teeth in his wound . announce to you the departure of my messenger . ” it . when he searched on to find in the register this note , placed in a bracket against his name : with the letter he had received , he did not observe that ; but i , whom the strange fashion in which that letter came into the house had placed on my <unk> did not lose a movement of his features . ” wear	89.44681549072266
your uniform ; that will look very well . said caderousse ; “ but you pay the score . ” have done , ” said the voice . soon ? ” minute , unfortunate , unfortunate that i am ! ” down the bag . ” again requires your bottle , ” he said . be ? ” , and cheer my solitude . them , <unk> , a hundred , even , all the company , and i would not allow a whisper . ” as much as he does us ? ” in the turkish style , ” replied franz . by a sergeant , drove away idlers from the place where the duke had mounted his horse . four horses as well as one .	37.126129150390625
” cried the king , astounded . she , “ i perfectly understand my grandfather ’ s meaning at all times . ” as a sailor , by my love for mercédès , by the life of my <unk> ” , ” continued athos , “ is naturally cold , and then he is always involved in intrigues with women . ” must have lost your senses to think it possible i could act with such <unk> policy . ” themselves to his brain , like a new design on the <unk> . ’ t say that ; your excellency will do as you please ; i should be sorry to advise you in the matter . ” trouble . ” leave you here ? him as if	36.67588424682617
he would have read the secret of his heart . the hand thus extended to him and grasped it with the vehemence of despair . artagnan felt lonely and powerless , without courage to pursue a career in which he could only distinguish himself on condition that each of his three companions should endow him with one of the gifts each had received from heaven . for a statue . silent embarrassment , athos spoke . not obey the summons till he had satisfied himself that the two men whose conversation he had overheard were at a sufficient distance to prevent his encountering them in his descent . ? ” yes , i know you are very indulgent toward the queen , too indulgent , perhaps ; we	86.40758514404297
shall have occasion , i warn you , at some future period to speak of that . ” in jest , since it was evident that under existing circumstances d ’ artagnan was the only man who could relieve the queen ’ s uneasiness , bernouin went without hesitation to announce to her this strange embassy ; and as he had foreseen , the queen gave orders to introduce monsieur d ’ artagnan at once . replied athos , “ that we consider ourselves your prisoners and not free from the engagement we entered into . ” these remarks with the rapidity of a most minute observer , and doubtless from an instinctive feeling that this stranger was destined to have a great influence over his future life	73.36971282958984
. life belong to you , like my love . ” remained alone . , i don ’ t know yet . your nearest relative ? ” demanded milady , with a tone of the most touching ingenuousness . not enough to answer ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ to questions which concern the honor , the social interest , and the life of such a man as <unk> the count of morcerf , peer of france . ” which in the first moment of strong emotion enables them to see distinctly , and which afterwards fails from being too much taxed . the best <unk> of the palais royal , who did the plate in my presence . the day madame de lannoy , in her	79.36509704589844
quality of <unk> of the queen , looked for this casket , appeared uneasy at not finding it , and at length asked information of the queen . ” morcerf , “ i may as well be <unk> , and tear myself away to forward your wishes . xxxviii . to notice that he is watching us . ” are going to his house . ” perfectly , then . marriage contract , the survivor takes everything . ” , it seems to me . ” terrace , which was ornamented with flowers . gentlemen , ” said athos . , then , is she not ? ” said albert . you were so intimate with her . ” be alone . ” ? ” the coasts of	44.8292350769043
the mediterranean , and wafted from shore to shore the sweet perfume of plants , mingled with the fresh smell of the sea . to dine there . ” an arm-chair . to you , ” said athos , smiling ; “ it was my <unk> de <unk> when monsieur d ’ artagnan , two other gallant friends and myself performed some feats of arms at the siege of la rochelle , under the deceased cardinal and monsieur de bassompierre . ! ” i trust , in paris , where you shall have your <unk> ” the duke , as he spoke , kissed his hand , spurred his horse into a gallop and disappeared , followed by his troop , who were soon lost in distance and	40.76660919189453
darkness . , with an expression of sorrow and gratitude mingled , and retired in order to saddle his horse . nevertheless ? ” <unk> his mustache , elongated his imperial a second time , and began to make signals to a beautiful lady who was near the choir , and who not only was a beautiful lady , but still further , no doubt , a great <unk> she had behind her a negro boy who had brought the cushion on which she knelt , and a female servant who held the emblazoned bag in which was placed the book from which she read the mass . on the ground floor where these gentlemen can wait near a good fire ? ” said the cardinal . hour	69.38017272949219
, i will hasten to this spot , you can easily get over this fence with my assistance , a carriage will await us at the gate , in which you will accompany me to my sister ’ s ; there living , retired or mingling in society , as you wish , we shall be enabled to use our power to resist <unk> , and not suffer ourselves to be put to death like sheep , which only defend themselves by sighs . ” upon the grass with a wound through his thigh , as the englishman , without making any further resistance , then surrendered his sword , porthos took him up in his arms and bore him to his carriage . ” and he put	60.96428298950195
it back again into his pocket . as a firm conviction . maximilian , you are certainly concealing something from us . ” point in advance , rubbed his horse down with some heath and leaves of trees , and placed himself across the road , about two hundred paces from the camp . heiress i am . for liberty , as a guilty one would , nor for vengeance , as would a <unk> . me the honor , ” said raoul , blushing , “ to tell me the name of that young lady whose opinion seems so different from that of others of the company . ” visit to the following circumstances . ! ” cried the priest , with a laugh which made the	45.53052520751953
dying man ’ s hair stand on end ; “ i , absolve you ? about procuring their disguises for the morrow ; and he assured them that they would be perfectly satisfied . , ” said the cardinal . morrel . , monseigneur , ” resumed the trembling host ; “ for i now recollect you . in the manuscript , and we do not choose to take upon ourselves to alter it . took his place on the sofa , closed the open book , and placing himself in a dreadfully <unk> attitude , he began playing with the dog ; but the animal , not liking him as well as debray , and attempting to bite him , danglars seized him by the skin of	59.424766540527344
his neck and threw him upon a couch on the other side of the room . coming out . ” returned albert , “ i compliment you on it ; i have its fellow ” —he took his watch from his waistcoat <unk> “ and it cost me 3,000 francs . ” patience , ” said anne , “ as i have . ” she said , “ that paris is not quiet . , mordaunt whom d ’ artagnan had followed , without knowing it . , ” replied the inspector . ” groups collected in the streets , or silence their exclamations , were in vain . by the affable smile and gallant manners of an old governor of the port , who kissed her hand	56.69307327270508
, she only remained long enough at boulogne to put into the post a letter , conceived in the following terms : loved d ’ artagnan like a child , and this <unk> and inflexible personage felt the anxiety of a parent for the young man . ” replied caderousse , “ in this corner is a crucifix in holy <unk> on this <unk> is my wife ’ s testament ; open this book , and i will swear upon it with my hand on the crucifix . whom i love , whom i adore , has just been torn from me by force . with me ? ” said she , “ and why do you place your hand on me ? ” not content myself with	58.69473648071289
looking , but i took my knife out of my pocket , felt that the point was sharp , and sprang over the wall . which had shone for an instant disappeared , and all was again in obscurity . coming on one side of the street , pass by on the other . ” a compatriot , a handsome cavalier , a brave youth , quite fit to make his way , should become the dupe of all these <unk> and fall into the snare after the example of so many others who have been ruined by it . knees , seized the hand , and touched it respectfully with his lips . as if not certain of the house she was seeking , lifted up her	56.13401412963867
eyes to look around her , stopped , went backward , and then returned again . kill you , ” replied the abbé . foundation ( “ the foundation ” or pglaf ) , owns a compilation copyright in the collection of project gutenberg™ electronic works . ! ” the creaking of a door , people going and coming , and some minutes afterwards a turnkey entered , saying : taught ; it is the application of the sciences to truth ; it is like the golden cloud in which the messiah went up into heaven . ” let them come up immediately . piece of glass ? ” asked the duke , frowning . had no knife or sharp instrument , the window grating was of iron	49.02835464477539
, but he had too often assured himself of its solidity . jussac , “ it is with great regret that i pronounce the thing impossible . system . is a charming young man , according to my ideas . ” , that i have distanced m. de château-renaud , one of the best riders in france , and m. debray , who both mount the minister ’ s <unk> ; and close on their heels are the horses of madame danglars , who always go at six leagues an hour . ” efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life . , ” said the count , “ and i give you my solemn assurance that i only waited an opportunity	44.74407958984375
like the present to realize plans that i have long meditated . ” these two noble lords who came to visit him , endeavored to raise himself up in his bed ; but he was too weak , and exhausted by the effort , he fell back again almost senseless . to say more , and refrained . the queen , “ never ! ” forward as an extenuating circumstance , ” replied eugénie . into paris on the twenty-third of december of the same year . resounded to the touch of mademoiselle d ’ armilly ’ s fingers , and mademoiselle danglars was singing <unk> ’ s malediction on desdemona . ” give you the satisfaction of a gentleman if your scheme turns out as ingenious as	79.55598449707031
you assert . ” then , that a poisoner lives here ; perhaps he even suspects the person . a man of regularity was the patron of _la jeune amélie_ , the profits were divided , and each man had a hundred tuscan livres , or about eighty francs . idea , and <unk> i should find my friend under the name of achilles . , by which she did not profit . will not understand ? ” with his musket in one hand and his hat in the other , he said , bowing courteously and addressing the soldiers and the pioneers , who , astonished at this apparition , stopped fifty paces from the bastion : “ gentlemen , a few friends and myself are about	77.54339599609375
to breakfast in this bastion . . his horse , and whilst his musketeers continued to charge , he returned and bent with drawn sword over the man he had knocked down . far , madame ; and that i am authorized to seek for the suspected paper , even on the person of your majesty . ” carriage will be here first . ” closely to one another , and drawing the bedclothes tightly around them , remained silent to this supplicating voice , repugnance and fear taking possession of their minds . him . he can speak . ” ; there is the great , the distressing truth ! see , vicomte , that you are lately from the provinces and have never so much as	78.19869232177734
seen him . that . ” not generally very rich , and i have no reason to think matters have much changed in this respect since i left the province . shoulders . ” with sincere pity the young man ’ s paroxysm of grief , approached him . an air of sadness aboard ? ” him , tell me ! ” it abandoned to extreme want , <unk> on famine ; agitated by fear , torn by faction . felton , “ convey me to the little bay of— ; you know it was agreed you should put in there . ” morrow , by eleven o ’ clock , the two diamond studs were finished , and they were so completely imitated , so perfectly alike	82.2568588256836
, that buckingham could not tell the new ones from the old ones , and <unk> in such matters would have been deceived as he was . that you will find the cardinal where you leave him . ” with him , madame ? ” the caresses of d ’ artagnan , lifted her head . he said , ‘ providence does exist , only you have never seen him , because the child of god is as invisible as the parent . with the fingers . begged of morcerf not to mention his father ’ s name before haydée ? are positive ; a young girl belongs first to him who carries her off , then the rest draw lots for her , and she is abandoned	60.493690490722656
to their brutality until death <unk> her sufferings . was heard , and this time the balls came rattling among the stones around the four friends , and whistling sharply in their ears . the results of an examination which i have made of a man of marseilles , whom i have watched for some time , and arrested on the day of my departure . he reflected . she , “ i do not remember it just at this moment ; but if it should occur to me presently , i will tell you . ” to be a resolute fellow . ” ! ’ i did not understand . the major ; “ very good . tiresome . ” , perceiving the excitement depicted on the	52.56977081298828
magistrate ’ s face , the savage lustre of his eyes , he understood that the revelation had been made at the assizes ; but beyond this he was ignorant . let me perish with hunger ? ” ” enemy , but is not yours , sire ; on the contrary , she is a devoted , submissive , and irreproachable wife . each other ; the impression was the same on both of them , and the tone in which morcerf had just expressed his thanks was so determined that the position would have become embarrassing for all if the conversation had continued . us , and we take <unk> bring him back to rome , and present him to his holiness the pope , who asks	63.245872497558594
how he can repay so great a service ; then we merely ask for a carriage and a pair of horses , and we see the carnival in the carriage , and doubtless the roman people will crown us at the capitol , and proclaim us , like curtius and <unk> cocles , the <unk> of their country . ” ” impossible , ” said he , “ i must be dreaming ! and is dantès triumphant in spite of all we have believed ? ” grimaud . said villefort , “ arose my affection for your father , my dear m. franz . is the mistress of the duc de beaufort . ” his back than the officer laid himself down in it , and he had	52.75931930541992
scarcely crossed the threshold before his successor , in his turn , was snoring <unk> . left . ” , monsieur , ” said monte cristo “ that you served at yanina ? ” d ’ artagnan ; “ i am most unhappy to hear it , on account of those fine animals . ” seven francs ... ... .. ... ... . 7 . been gazing on a serpent , he fixed his terrified eye on the <unk> sufferer . week at leghorn before the hold of his vessel was filled with printed muslins , contraband cottons , english powder , and tobacco on which the <unk> had forgotten to put its mark . <unk> by two or three years , and if i am not mistaken	69.45246124267578
i am turned forty years old . ” child , and only a shepherd , i gave him a few gold pieces for showing me my way , and he , in order to repay me , gave me a poniard , the hilt of which he had carved with his own hand , and which you may have seen in my collection of arms . feminine hand , long , and crossed . two or three thousand crowns a year in this amusement ? for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works , reports , performances and research . , ” replied faria , with that <unk> of hearing peculiar to prisoners . ” said aramis . had contrived to <unk> the cord which fastened	66.51571655273438
her feet . said the old man . s good , ” said albert , with a gloomy tone . than appeal for help ; but he could look , and with that look ask assistance . rather <unk> than otherwise ; men who did not wish to be seen would not light a fire . ” five hundred of them . ” you know they are select affairs ; those who remain in paris in july must be true parisians . athos and d ’ artagnan busied themselves about <unk> the sapphire . friendship ? that we have here . ” have the right of giving absolution . ” s steps ; he first kills m. de <unk> ” he rob you every year ? ” not	69.05809783935547
like d ’ artagnan ’ s with a young and impatient love . will , count , and continue this conversation at my house , any day you may be willing to see an adversary capable of understanding and anxious to <unk> you , and i will show you my father , m. noirtier de villefort , one of the most fiery <unk> of the french revolution ; that is to say , he had the most remarkable audacity , <unk> by a most powerful <unk> man who has not , perhaps , like yourself seen all the kingdoms of the earth , but who has helped to overturn one of the greatest ; in fact , a man who believed himself , like you , one of	42.42878723144531
the <unk> , not of god , but of a supreme being ; not of providence , but of fate . wretched and wavering lamp , of which we have spoken , dantès saw the old man , pale , but yet erect , clinging to the bedstead . me , ” she continued , “ hide nothing from <unk> is , in truth , the king ’ s position ? avenue . have your charms left to seduce them with . part with his sword , selected a <unk> cloak of a military cut . breastplate was weak , and prepared the blow . , my god , i thank thee ! ” bandits ? ” said franz , calculating the chances of peril . such thing	77.55526733398438
, fernand ; you are a soldier , and if you remain at the catalans it is because there is no war ; so remain a fisherman , and contented with my friendship , as i can not give you more . ” ? ” chair , drew it toward her , and sat down close beside her . ” his travelling carriage , albert , fearing that his expected guest might forget the engagement he had entered into , placed in the care of a waiter at the hotel a card to be delivered to the count of monte cristo , on which , beneath the name of viscount albert de morcerf , he had written in pencil : they were doubtful whether the king ’ s	60.272762298583984
visit to the parliament had been in order to lighten or increase their burdens ; but scarcely was it known that the taxes were to be still further increased , when cries of “ down with mazarin ! ” “ long live broussel ! ” “ long live blancmesnil ! ” resounded through the city . for today . , and all the house had the same regard for d ’ artagnan that one would have for hercules should he return to earth to repeat his twelve labors . , although a gascon , m. de tréville was not in the habit of making promises , and that when by chance he did promise , he more than kept his word . hermitage , it is at your	93.47098541259766
disposal ; such as is my supper , it is yours to share , if you will . effect that very day , and the lackey waited at table . as he was , or appeared to be , could not resist the secret influence which had already taken possession of him . trust nobody . ” house for this grand ceremony , but on the same <unk> with everyone else , and without any particular privilege . ? ” ” said maximilian , in consternation . , and i had resigned myself to what seemed my inevitable fate . a sign with his head . are mining for the outer wall of the fortress . ” of father marteau are described . respects and services to you	69.42451477050781
, my lord . ” interests of your father , ” said the messenger . as a sorrowful dream , ” said beauchamp ; “ let it vanish as the last sparks from the blackened paper , and disappear as the smoke from those silent ashes . ” that between this man and his <unk> spoken language did not exist , or had become useless . either a dull provincial person or a spy in search of information . ” occupied in <unk> movements which resulted only in the carrying off of a few <unk> of <unk> and the burning of two or three houses . the thicket . in ‘ projection , ’ means already decided , ” said debray . , —my passion , my joy	89.55735778808594
, my delight , —it is for thee to alleviate my sorrows ! ” and he convulsively grasped the hand of d ’ avrigny . tone he would be happy to die ; and as every prisoner is worth ten sous a day to his jailer , he replied in a more subdued tone . at the door during this examination ; then , when all was over , they went away , leaving the house empty and exposed . ” , ” said the young man , “ and tell us all about it . ” does not please me at all ; it is too gracious . ” , my lord ? ” said athos , “ and what puts you out of breath thus ?	37.588844299316406
” monsieur chevalier , ” said she ; “ here we shall be alone , and can talk . ” , the most trustworthy creature in the world , and i will venture to say , there is not a better seaman in all the merchant service . that he has brought his son to france to choose a wife . ” ? ” said he to athos . had fared in their trip . he could recognize amid this strange disorder , fragments of garments , and some bloody spots <unk> the cloth and the curtains . cried villefort ; “ or rather i will go for him myself . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan . were talking with him , i watched you without listening	38.338443756103516
to you ; and , monsieur , his countenance changed color two or three times ! ” solitary and eccentric position of the count , his enormous , nay , almost incredible fortune , should have made men cautious , and have altogether prevented ladies visiting a house where there was no one of their own sex to receive them ; and yet curiosity had been enough to lead them to <unk> the bounds of prudence and <unk> . for being recognized now that he was in his own <unk> , struck a light and lit a torch . so cold , so inanimate that without listening to what was said to them they were seized with the fear which pervaded that house , and they flew into	111.20482635498047
the passage crying for help . . ” said athos , as pale as a corpse . pastrini ’ s hotel ? ” you think of bonacieux ? ” ” hazarded d ’ artagnan , timidly , “ i did not see the handkerchief fall from the pocket of monsieur aramis . of the new french conquerors , monsieur , ” said he ; “ it is a handsome uniform . ” in the dressing-room ? ” knew that from one day to the other he might expect to be removed from his command by the duc d ’ angoulême , by bassompierre , or by schomberg , who were all eager for his post , did but little , lost his days in wavering , and did	40.453102111816406
not dare to attempt any great enterprise to drive the english from the isle of ré , where they still besieged the citadel st. martin and the fort of la prée , as on their side the french were besieging la rochelle . from this labyrinth ? man , who appears to fathom the motives of everyone , has purposely arranged for me to meet m. and madame de villefort , and sometimes , i confess , i have gone so far as to try to read in his eyes whether he was in possession of the secret of our love . ” for the lackeys , ” resumed aramis , “ but for the <unk> the <unk> , we may say . protecting them openly , as	54.36198425292969
you know , gave countenance to volunteer assistance . you don ’ t know all yet . athos , suddenly , “ where have you brought us ? <unk> gallery , he became , on the part of those who had brought him , the object of the <unk> insults and the <unk> treatment . the article relating to general fernand , an article with which , i assure you on my word of honor , i had nothing whatever to do ? ” incredible perseverance of its mayor , had attempted a sort of <unk> for a surrender ; the mayor had hanged the <unk> . said villefort ; “ true , madame de villefort told me you lived at auteuil , since it was to your	64.60408782958984
house that she was taken . never turned his head , did not perceive it . his investigations , a more abundant and more icy sweat rolled in large drops from his forehead ; his heart was oppressed by a horrible anguish ; his respiration was broken and short . a rochefort ; but you must do the like for me . ” footman nor the carriage , but with the eye of a jealous woman , mme . not be deceived ; this was murder in every sense of the word . ” and albert among the rest . valentine ; “ mademoiselle ! open the door , and if he is too far gone in his madness , well , we will kill him ! ”	64.07472229003906
some thanks . so far ? ” of joy in the officer ’ s eyes , which vanished immediately , for he knew nothing of mazarin ’ s purpose . the discretion of the good abbess would go , she began to tell a story , obscure at first , but very circumstantial afterward , about the cardinal , relating the amours of the minister with mme . ! ” resumed athos ; “ a wintry blast . d ’ artagnan ! ” said athos . , which now , without any support , leaned towards the sea . ’ artagnan had foreseen . a considerable sum . ” ; but when seeing her so lovely and her brother so pious , nobody thought of asking whence they	56.87711715698242
came . know him . ” tenderly , half ironically . , and at the corner of the rue bac met mousqueton , who , with a most pitiable air , was driving before him a mule and a horse . at everything , and political men have made you <unk> everything . all , ” said the inspector . will you leave us so soon ? ” per day for lodging and food ’ ” . mistress ? ” therefore , the first magistrate of marseilles , when one morning his door opened , and m. morrel was announced . all four together . with the basket and the dessert . , and requested his visitor to be seated . him , sir ; one from love	50.13420867919922
, and the other from ambition , <unk> and danglars . ” stooping , drew herself up under the blow . about eighteen years of age , but he was scarcely taller than raoul , who was only fifteen . ” cried the queen . usurper ’ s return ? ” “ yes , sir , i am <unk> hungry . ” then . ” must happen : either matters will not be arranged , or they will be arranged , in which last case i shall be relieved of my command and we shall still meet again . ” it , ” said the soldier . and charitable thought , ” said monte cristo , “ and the whole world should applaud it . porthos , “	36.49585723876953
what do you want , and why do you not let us listen to the end of the conversation ? ” a treaty and your eminence must sign it before us , promising at the same time to obtain the queen ’ s consent to it . ” tréville asked mousqueton . it was necessary to prove to your majesty one thing of which you <unk> is , that we still possess amongst us some valor and are worthy of some consideration at your hands . ” , to discover something here ; i am in the vein . ” paris without its being known in the camp ? ? ” day they do them justice ; and supposing a second restoration , you would then pass for	55.971187591552734
a great man . ” thursday and the d ’ artagnan of today are the same person . ” ” said mazarin , “ you must understand that if i ask this service from you it is with the intention of being grateful . ” leave the count ’ s house , and you take your mother to your home ; but reflect , albert , you owe her more than your poor noble heart can pay her . valentine , “ i will now acknowledge you are right , maximilian ; and now are you satisfied with your betrothal ? ” said the young girl sorrowfully . a soldier then ? ” said the young man . receive the remaining 40,000 , you shall give me a	40.97735595703125
receipt in full . ’ said a voice almost lost in the distance . he always kept company with whoever of his friends was on duty . this , ” said porthos and aramis , in the same manner as before . , then ? ” demanded the concierge ; “ and this gentleman is coming to live here ? ” porthos , with a kind of pretense of answering . athos by seeing the sword of cahusac fly twenty paces from him . , my lord ! . ” dishonored by appearances ? play my game <unk> , fairly , and above board , as i always do . seem , my dear count , that you can at pleasure enjoy the <unk> strains that proceed from	65.28728485107422
the seven <unk> of paradise ? ” an exclamation , without a cry for help , athos tried to sustain himself on the surface of the waters , but the weight dragged him down ; he disappeared by degrees ; soon nothing was to be seen except his long , floating hair ; then both men disappeared and the <unk> of the water , which , in its turn , was soon effaced , alone indicated the spot where these two had sunk . not hesitate to make a step forward . in preparations at the hôtel de ville for this important evening . same hotel , but on the same floor . ” by the light of the moon , which began to rise , franz imagined	67.08783721923828
that he saw something like a sentinel appear at various points among the ruins , and suddenly retreat into the darkness on a signal from peppino . , sir , ” continued the president , with a calmness still more terrible than the general ’ s anger , “ i advise you not to touch your <unk> ” the general looked around him with slight uneasiness ; however he did not yield , but calling up all his fortitude , said , — “ i will not swear . ” despised <unk> , but he appreciated enthusiasts . , i beg of you , and let me go where my business calls me . ” ? ” asked dantès . are ignorant of this little fact , ”	60.13895034790039
said athos . to the society , forgetting in his perfectly juvenile good faith that he had fed this society for a month ; and he set his mind actively to work . villefort , in the act of slipping on her dressing-gown , threw aside the drapery and for a moment stood motionless , as though interrogating the occupants of the room , while she endeavored to call up some rebellious tears . what you want , ” replied athos . done ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . liberty , ” continued the minister ; “ will you take it ? my dear gérard , ” said he to the young man , with a very significant look , “ do you know , you seem	46.81303024291992
as if you were not very glad to see me ? ” town , commanding the principal open space , rose a dark mass , separated from the rest of the world by two <unk> and overshadowed in the front by enormous lime-trees . society a great kindness . ” ? ” asked the coadjutor . broussel was somewhat moved , but seeing him bow politely he rose and bowed also . ! mind ! ” resumed the cardinal , with a smile which indicated that he knew the story as well as he who wished to relate it . door , whilst i shall be at the head of the king ’ s bed , ready to die for him . ” ” said the abbé ,	47.77207565307617
taking up what he called his pen , and , after dipping it into the ink , he wrote on a piece of prepared linen , with his left hand , the first two or three words of the accusation . and ordering his wife to do the same with her <unk> handle , and the servants with their sticks , he set the first example of commencing an earnest search for the lost letter . for a few days longer ; we must accustom ourselves to parting . counsel : —our accounts are made up and our bills paid ; all we have to do is to stop the issue of any more , and close our office . ’ these registers . ” ” the command	112.47571563720703
of d ’ artagnan till the year 1633 , at which period , after a journey he made to <unk> , he also quit the service , under the pretext of having inherited a small property in <unk> . poison will take no effect on valentine ? ” carefully that my spies , if i had any , could have no suspicion of it . had nearly expired . d ’ artagnan to resume this little dialogue ; but then all the ideas of vengeance which he had brought with him had completely vanished . ! ” milady , “ but i shall lose that which is much dearer to me than life , i shall lose my honor , felton ; and it is you , you	59.85044479370117
whom i make responsible , before god and before men , for my shame and my infamy . ” in that case , my <unk> know that i am very bold to offer advice to your <unk> advice is that the king should not leave his kingdom . him for having carried you off ? ” said beauchamp . glittered in his hand , and he sprang upon his adversary , whom , thanks to his great <unk> , he hoped to intimidate . and with an impertinent smile asked , “ have you any message for your father , mademoiselle danglars , for in all probability i shall return to paris ? ” the gendarme , placing his knee on his chest ; “ this is the	47.69776916503906
way you keep your word as a sailor ! tolerably reassured with regard to porthos , and as he was anxious to obtain news of his two other friends , he held out his hand to the wounded man , and told him he was about to resume his route in order to continue his researches . to laugh . passed such an act as that . ” is very probable i should not have done anything of this , if it had not been to make myself agreeable to someone who is my lady , as the queen is yours . ” should drink to their health in their favorite wine . amount of his wages , which captain gaumard had not dared to apply for .	49.685970306396484
to-morrow ? ” asked madame de chevreuse . manner of a husband , and see how she will remind you that your hour is not yet come ! ” of m. and madame de saint-méran . ” in order not to disturb his habits , accustomed grimaud to obey him upon a simple gesture or upon a simple movement of his lips . , one and all ; but let everything remain as usual , only close the shutters of the ground floor . ” murmured the gentleman . be assured . it would have been too tedious to acquire the names of the prisoners ; he learned their numbers instead . provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg™ ’ s goals	56.9287223815918
and ensuring that the project gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for generations to come . the purpose , ” said eugénie ; “ let us speak candidly , sir ; i admire candor . ” famous diamond , ” answered d ’ artagnan , with a sigh . not desert , ” said the king ; “ he can always be found , as tréville says . forgotten that . ” with a determination to remain there for the rest of my life . me that he had recommended him to your care , in parting . ” turned towards his visitor , having his back towards the window , his elbow resting on the <unk> chart which furnished the theme of conversation for the moment ,	42.507720947265625
—a conversation which assumed , as in the case of the <unk> with danglars and morcerf , a turn analogous to the persons , if not to the situation . replied de boville , in supreme good-humor at the certainty of recovering his two hundred thousand francs , — “ no matter , i can fancy it. ” and he shouted with laughter . the dragoon . best for last ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , furious , nailing him to the earth with a fourth thrust through his body . take it , then , ” said d ’ artagnan . i dreamed each night the same dream . let me confess to you what i ’ ve been thinking about during the whole of my	71.7788314819336
drive , as i looked out upon the parties of citizens who perpetually crossed our path and looked at you and your four men with fiery eyes . ” own affairs , gentlemen , and let france settle matters as she will with me , ” resumed mazarin . , could not refrain from a slight movement of surprise . do without chambermaids . valise i want , ” cried porthos , “ is a <unk> one , my dear . ” two travelers each in a charming chamber ; but unfortunately these charming chambers were at the opposite extremities of the hôtel . circumstances to the rank of a confidant to his master . for them , ” said porthos . monsieur ; but suppose i should	80.21701049804688
happen to be brought in contact , even four times a year , with such intelligence and <unk> , i should be a ruined man ! ” you tell me is impossible . said , on the part of his eminence , who wished you well , and to beg you to follow him to the <unk> . ” ” be wise to set off , ” said d ’ artagnan . <unk> ’ artagnan smiled as he spoke— “ since we are together again , let us agree on one point : what age shall we be in future ? ” that this property now belongs to some one who bears his name . instinct ? ” said monte cristo . but don ’ t touch me	42.74264144897461
. ” ” exclaimed albert , “ that you have reached your present age without visiting the finest capital in the world ? the gascon , “ don ’ t threaten ! a man of resolution ; and your services , well directed , instead of leading you to ill , might be very advantageous to you . been gone through ; the inquiry is already made . ” a myth , ” replied albert , “ and never had an existence . ” aramis . fit of apoplexy , and he might be saved if he could but be bled ! ” said athos ; “ but why not porthos ? eagerness equal to kitty ’ s in bringing it ; but at the first words she	56.139766693115234
read she became livid . back in the coach . milady , after a moment of silence , “ from the present time , cease to talk of impossibilities . ” taken nothing yet . ” after you have put me on shore at portsmouth . ” go away without having seen grimaud . ” a word of what you may see or what you may hear ( for you will look and you will listen , i am quite sure , however we may threaten you ) , you are <unk> ’ at these words he threw me a crown , which i picked up , and he took the ladder . ; but , though unwilling to introduce money matters into our present conversation , i	60.06166076660156
will just say this <unk> her extreme dislike to me has its origin there ; and i much fear she <unk> me the fortune i enjoy in right of my mother , and which will be more than doubled at the death of m. and mme . servants sleep ? ” <unk> mean those more distinguished . ” in all this was the diamond , worth five or six thousand livres , which he wore on his finger ; and even this <unk> that d ’ artagnan , in his projects of ambition , wished to keep it , to make it someday a pledge for the gratitude of the queen—had not in the meanwhile , since he could not part with it , more value than the	77.2307357788086
gravel he trod under his feet . but a child , ” said aramis . ” said athos , “ since here they are . mother , it is necessary , in order to make your advice turn to account , that i should know beforehand what i have to distrust . passed perhaps ten times through chantilly , and out of the ten times i have stopped three or four times at your house at least . to attain such sublimity ? ” man had reached his room and burnt caderousse ’ s letter . die ? ” set to . ” bed for two nights ; but then look at my desk ; see what i have written during these two days and nights . .	54.546119689941406
” giulio , with your fears ; and what are you afraid of , then ? ” mention one to you . , company of dessessart . ” a groan . sure of that . ” too , monsieur . great deal , sir ? ” said franz inquiringly . my servant , or rather him who will no longer be my servant tomorrow , it was the talk of the house . ” with a frightful calmness . the gascon , trying in vain , too late , to retract the thrust . said albert . changed in and about me ; i am accustomed to brave difficulties , and , in the conflict to crush those who , by their own free will , or by	41.01388931274414
chance , voluntarily or involuntarily , interfere with me in my career . rochefort , taking the paper from milady , folding it , and placing it in the <unk> of his hat , “ you may be easy . clock when he threw himself on the bed . and communicated these ideas to him . cry . no more money . ” ! yes ; my mother is not woman , but <unk> woman . ” however . ” lord , ” said d ’ artagnan . ” said he , “ however far i may come , it is not you who can give me a lesson in good manners , i warn you . ” the count , without appearing to notice the different impressions	28.103679656982422
which his presence produced on the little circle , “ i come to seek you . ” even in an enemy . it is true , ” murmured d ’ avrigny . point of starting on a journey , ” replied morrel disdainfully . of marseilles , and a sailor , and yet you do not know where you are going ? ” they drove up to the place of meeting . “ before god and before men , i accuse this woman of having attempted to poison me , in wine which she sent me from villeroy , with a forged letter , as if that wine came from my friends . . of “ live the musketeers ! answered , “ if a fortune brings consolation	45.96007537841797
, i ought to be consoled ; i am rich . ” near to the same enclosure , entered , and joined the musketeers . as usual , unmoved . temples of debray , who held a million in his pocket-book , and <unk> as he was he could not help reflecting that the same house had contained two women , one of whom , justly dishonored , had left it poor with 1,500,000 francs under her cloak , while the other , unjustly stricken , but sublime in her misfortune , was yet rich with a few deniers . maximilian , is not a fable , but an <unk> . ” had been four years longer than himself in prison . said , “ our presence here	68.64070129394531
is the best proof of former friendship ; not one of us has failed the others at this rendezvous ; not one has , therefore , to reproach himself . ” only a magistrate , he was almost a diplomatist . the repast , had got some water from a spring , spread out the fruit and bread , and cooked the kid . , who from time to time blushed , darted with the rapidity of lightning a glance toward the inconstant porthos ; and then immediately the eyes of porthos wandered anxiously . word , but comprehended very little of what was said . to me ? said d ’ artagnan , “ you are insupportable . had dug , and now , with the aid	54.8378791809082
of the torch , saw that his pickaxe had in reality struck against iron and wood . opens , as you see . ” he could tell of what complaint the poor marquis had died . ” ; at midnight i will be at your house . ” as d ’ artagnan was ; he turned a deaf ear , and contented himself with laughing , and between two <unk> finding time to point to a spot of earth with his sword , “ here , ” cried he , parodying a verse of the bible , “ here will bicarat die ; for i only am left , and they seek my life . ” . you have already given me that reason , and i find	74.87068939208984
it excellent . ” in repentance ? ” reached that part of the garden where the famous boarded gate stood overlooking the deserted enclosure , always returning by the same path , to begin his walk again , at the same pace and with the same gesture , when he accidentally turned his eyes towards the house , whence he heard the noisy play of his son , who had returned from school to spend the sunday and monday with his mother . said , “ yes , doubtless it is painful , if you violently break the outer covering which obstinately begs for life . have not named her ! ” interrupted the young man , warmly . mean ? ’ asked a gendarme . bring it	79.59867858886719
to me here ? ” was not then dead ! ” gentlemen , dress yourselves . ” is sincere , ” replied athos , “ he will never reach london . ” before i had even mentioned your father ’ s name ” — franz d ’ épinay , your betrothed lover , and you shrink from the idea of being his wife ; but tell me , valentine , is there no other sorrow in your heart ? our turn to think of these things ? franz , looking round him uneasily , “ where is the viscount ? —i do not see him . ” orders i received to conduct you safe and sound to his highness the prince ! . , ” exclaimed laporte ,	56.042625427246094
“ monsieur d ’ artagnan is right . ” ” said she . the count , astonished at his perseverance , which he could not understand , and looking still more earnestly at maximilian , “ let it begin again , —it is like the house of the <unk> ; 19 god has condemned them , and they must submit to their punishment . a friend—— ” at once the eight or ten seamen who composed the crew , sprang to their respective stations at the spanker <unk> and <unk> , topsail sheets and <unk> , the jib <unk> , and the topsail <unk> and <unk> . . by a <unk> , who had lost sight of me near the tavern ; feeling certain that i intended to	56.553157806396484
pass the night there , he had returned to summon his comrades , who just arrived in time to hear the report of the pistol , and to take me in the midst of such circumstantial proofs of my guilt as rendered all hopes of proving my innocence utterly <unk> . that , if we meet him by chance , like jean <unk> or lara , we may recognize him . ” fetch it , doctor ? ” inquired villefort . this island ? ” that d ’ artagnan had lost his letter in the skirmish . in the anteroom his guide , who immediately entered into conversation with two or three of the industrious idlers who are always to be found in rome at the doors of	81.13928985595703
<unk> , churches , <unk> , or theatres . ? ” that it is often he who comes off victorious from the strife , <unk> of all crime in the eyes of the world . ” said the old man . is more certain than the knife . ” ” said he to himself , “ misfortune is over my head ; my wife must have committed some frightful crime . have made so easy to me by the depth of the knowledge you possess of them , and the clearness of the principles to which you have reduced <unk> is my treasure , my beloved friend , and with this you have made me rich and happy . understand him , or whether he had received no	46.7545051574707
orders respecting the nourishment of danglars , the giant , without answering , went on with his dinner . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ warn him as i have warned you . ” mazarin , present at that audience , heard very well what those deputies demanded . i , ‘ my good gentleman , i have a horse to sell , <unk> ’ ‘ ay , and a very fine one ! smiled , like a woman to whom duplicity is no stranger . hands . overcome a wild beast like you ; in the name of that god i act , <unk> that , wretch , —and to spare thee at this moment is still serving him . ” with joy , and	70.50028228759766
then the air resounded with the cries of “ long live broussel ! ” “ long live the coadjutor ! ” it , captain ; but perhaps i shall not be admitted to the grand-marshal ’ s presence as easily as you expect ? ’ , were you not ? ” said franz to the count , “ that you told me there would be but one execution . ” honor as captain of the royal guards . ” particular the man to whom this letter is addressed . when albert bent his steps to his mother ’ s room ; and , no one being there to announce him , he advanced to her bedchamber , and distressed by what he saw and guessed , stopped for	45.876861572265625
one moment at the door . definite answer . the astonishment when at the end of the month , he <unk> all his obligations with his usual punctuality . there must be some reason why the unknown preserved such a silence , and ceased to address themselves to him . say the gospel and the cardinal , ” replied athos . clarik hour passed , two hours passed , and no sound was heard from the <unk> was silent there . fog . ” heaven ! ” cried he , “ listen to me ; i have been waiting for someone who has not come . , and i never shall forget the old man ’ s smile at this prescription . franz , “ what think you	43.92645263671875
of the count of monte cristo ? ” the tree , behind me the rock . want ? ” demanded the host , pale and trembling from the discovery he had just made . as a separate passage led to the first floor , in which d ’ artagnan lodged , those who called on him were <unk> from this detention . the king . had proposed to carlini the health of their chief , and to whom carlini replied by breaking the glass across his face . so—let us part , ” said mercédès , folding around her shoulders the only shawl she had taken away , and which accidentally happened to be a valuable black cashmere . to himself and that he will continue to be	80.1825180053711
an annoyance . ” , section of the indirect contributions , corridor <unk> , no . ” ” said the major , “ you know i have only the 2,000 francs which the abbé busoni sent me ; this sum i have expended upon travelling expenses , and—— ” but you will leave the city on your right . one time repulsed the royal regiment , thought that the moment was come to pursue it ; but it was <unk> and led again to the charge by the duc de chatillon in person . artagnan ’ s great astonishment , the pretty kitty defended herself resolutely . cried a voice in french , answering to that of winter , which made them tremble . doubt what you say	70.40685272216797
, monsieur athos , i do not doubt it for a single instant ; but , ” added he , “ to change the conversation , was this lady alone ? ” man ; but the banker , recollecting what had transpired the day before , did not wish him admitted . his mark of authority , with which ali pasha generally sealed his letters , and which the latter had given him , that he might , on his return at any hour of the day or night , gain access to the presence , even in the <unk> . no longer fighting , but amused themselves with stories about women , and in the antechamber , with stories about the court . replied the stranger ,	48.371707916259766
“ is so well known to the prefect that he wishes as a magistrate to ascertain from you some particulars connected with the public safety , to ascertain which i am deputed to see you . ’ ll give ear to my moan . ” tell him that you came from me ? ” elongated , had gained in calm dignity what it had lost in feverish excitement . in security . with some pleasure by danglars , and restored him to some degree of tranquillity . <unk> , and , intoxicated by their crime , though still pale with fear , they sought all over the cavern to discover if there was any fear of fire , after which they amused themselves by rolling on the bags	97.07786560058594
of gold . any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions . at the moment you were arrested ? ” without withdrawing the poniard from the wound , he ran to the window , opened it , leaped out into the flowers of a small garden , glided onward to the stable , took out his mule , went out by a back gate , ran to a <unk> thicket , threw off his <unk> garb , took from his valise the complete <unk> of a cavalier , clothed himself in it , went on foot to the first post , secured there a horse and continued with a loose rein his journey to paris . beautiful turkish arms , his fine english guns ,	73.84512329101562
his japanese china , his cups mounted in silver , his <unk> <unk> by <unk> or <unk> ; examined the cupboards , and placed the key in each ; threw into a drawer of his secretaire , which he left open , all the pocket-money he had about him , and with it the thousand fancy jewels from his vases and his <unk> ; then he made an exact inventory of everything , and placed it in the most conspicuous part of the table , after putting aside the books and papers which had collected there . certain laporte . ” , as bernajoux was , he had no idea for a moment of concealing the truth ; and he described to the two nobles the affair exactly	95.11957550048828
as it had passed . , surrounded at some distance by a large and luxurious divan , every species of tobacco known , <unk> the yellow tobacco of petersburg to the black of <unk> , and so on along the scale from <unk> and <unk> <unk> , to latakia , <unk> exposed in <unk> of crackled <unk> of which the <unk> are so fond ; beside them , in boxes of fragrant wood , were ranged , according to their size and quality , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> ; and , in an open cabinet , a collection of german pipes , of chibouques , with their amber <unk> ornamented with coral , and of <unk> , with their long tubes of <unk> ,	89.89115142822266
awaiting the caprice or the sympathy of the <unk> . hundred louis he had reserved for his journey from rome to venice were in his trousers pocket , and in that of his greatcoat he found the little <unk> containing his letter of credit for 5,050,000 francs . the count , “ since no one hears me complain . ” two monarchs of their set on record who were at once sovereigns and lovers . by her side , and she uttered a deep groan , at the same time looking towards the count as if to ask if he were satisfied with her obedience to his commands . give the others , and it will be all right , ” returned dantès . storm , of indignation	77.28447723388672
burst from all parts of the assembly . four young men , calling their lackeys , “ clean my boots , and fetch the horses from the hôtel . ” kitchen , where your doublet was . to him with broth ; la <unk> warms his sheets ; the marquise de rambouillet sends him his <unk> . ” cried the jesuit , “ for that thesis touches closely upon <unk> . ! . ” all . ” will drink bordeaux , and in ten years we will marry his son to the little queen . ” , added to the angry tone in which the count spoke , ali turned pale and held down his head . in 1814 , and was sent to the island of elba	70.85465240478516
. will not be to her as the death of a stranger ! ” to land , after crossing himself repeatedly ; and the people in the ferryboat guided themselves as well as they were able toward the bank , with the aid of a <unk> which chanced to be in the boat . says , morcerf , ” said debray , “ do you marry her . . seemed more sullen than ever . ” said buckingham , “ these are the only tokens i ever received from <unk> silver casket and these two letters . true ! ” said anne of austria ; “ and the spies of the cardinal have served him faithfully . the queen ? ” , as he said to those around	44.650726318359375
him , that he had put on his cloak ; and while he spoke with a lofty air and twisted his mustache disdainfully , all admired his embroidered baldric , and d ’ artagnan more than anyone . friend ! ” cried milady ; “ and when shall i be avenged ? ” he stretched forth his hand , took one up , and murmured his daughter ’ s name . him ? ” the count ’ s face . the audience arrived athos was obliged to stay until the queen , who was waited upon by a new deputation from paris , had consulted with her minister as to the propriety and manner of receiving them . in a direction in which a small vessel was making	55.86088180541992
sail towards the southern point of corsica . that of your friends will soon be known ; and all the nobility of france would demand an explanation of your disappearance . ? , although your name is bernajoux , to have only to deal with an apprentice musketeer . know that , ’ he said , ‘ but give me the particulars . ’ difficult . ” which was so unintelligible to others , she answered by throwing her whole soul into the expression of her countenance , and in this manner were the conversations sustained between the <unk> girl and the helpless invalid , whose body could scarcely be called a living one , but who , nevertheless , possessed a fund of knowledge and penetration ,	72.89969635009766
united with a will as powerful as ever although clogged by a body rendered utterly incapable of obeying its impulses . behind him mordaunt glided into the subterranean passage , <unk> on the way his now useless sword , and thus reached the neighboring house , where he paused to examine himself and to take breath . titles he had read on the baron ’ s card . <unk> on the warlike countenance of d ’ artagnan , which betrayed a singular expression of deep feeling . the effect if the countess would join us in the costume of a peasant from <unk> or <unk> . —will she be here ? ” ” said the executioner ; “ and now in her turn , let this woman see	109.0731201171875
that i am not fulfilling my trade , but my debt . ” but yourself upon earth , who am neglected and forgotten by my father , harassed and persecuted by my stepmother , and left to the sole companionship of a paralyzed and speechless old man , whose withered hand can no longer press mine , and who can speak to me with the eye alone , although there still lingers in his heart the warmest tenderness for his poor grandchild . ? ” that letter was everything . ’ s hand to his lips , and then left the house by a back staircase . doubt : the treasure was there—no one would have been at such pains to conceal an empty casket . check with	99.64197540283203
regard to felton has not disgusted you with attempts of that kind . ” albert , “ seeing that without my title i should be nothing ; while you , sacrificing the baron , would still remain the millionaire . ” walks in a dream ; he had a glimpse of objects as through a fog . be over , and people will hunt with <unk> , <unk> , and traps . ” said andrea , “ we must overtake him soon . ” steps of a multitude of men were heard , and the queen herself raised the tapestry hangings and put her finger on her lips . , _the <unk> . madame ? queen , and in an altered voice said , “ why , madame	94.75772857666016
, have you not thought proper to wear your diamond studs , when you know it would give me so much gratification ? ” that you will never tell anyone that i have granted the interview . ” evening . ” by maximilian and emmanuel . the resolution he had adopted , and assured him that if on the morrow he did not appear , he himself would undertake to find him , let him be where he might . you is very different from the love i had for my father . , as i have told monseigneur , he found the door of the cellar stairs behind him , and as the door was open , he took out the key , and barricaded himself inside	53.73659133911133
. france , my dear father , i hope you will put me in possession of the documents which will be necessary to prove my descent . ” said mazarin , “ and when has rueil been a prison ? ” coming ? ” please to be seated , ” said the man , “ i will let the count know that you are here . ” continued he , repeating the count ’ s words “ i should have been a dead <unk> dead . ” surprise , but andrea appeared quite unmoved . . eyes on marseilles . the face so expressive even in its stillness ; then she ventured to raise the coverlet and press her hand upon the young girl ’ s heart .	39.45876693725586
spy in the enemy ’ s camp . shall see her , ” said beauchamp , “ or do you keep <unk> as well as <unk> ? ” most german and the least gascon accent possible . no more hesitation ; or else whatever may be my repugnance to <unk> my sword a second time with the blood of a wretch like you , i swear by my faith as an honest <unk> ” and at these words d ’ artagnan made so fierce a gesture that the wounded man sprang up . morning to call on the pretended <unk> he were a real count he wouldn ’ t be so rich . father . ” draw a physical or moral portrait of grimaud ; if , as	66.15426635742188
we hope , our readers have not wholly forgotten the first part of this work , they must have preserved a clear idea of that estimable individual , who is wholly <unk> , except that he is twenty years older , an advance in life that has made him only more silent ; although , since the change that had been working in himself , athos had given grimaud permission to speak . that sensation of delight which is generally experienced in passing rapidly through the air , and the wind which occasionally raised the hair from his forehead seemed on the point of <unk> momentarily the clouds collected there . ” replied monte cristo , determined not to lose an inch of the ground he had gained	83.63795471191406
, “ my reason for desiring an ‘ unlimited ’ credit was precisely because i did not know how much money i might need . ” then ? ” that the fare was detestable , and that they wanted to be set free . to pierce through the darkness . related all our affair to the cardinal , which is not to be doubted , and if he has recognized me , as is probable , i may consider myself almost as a condemned man , ” said d ’ artagnan , shaking his head . bread ! ” he called . , the hilt of the lieutenant ’ s sword was caught in the grating and he was obliged to pull off his cloak ; in doing	49.1975212097168
so he showed the butt end of his pistols and a ray of the moon was reflected on the shining metal . , ” she said . one of his best , but not such a one as he made for la ramee . passed , he would have seen a strange thing , —a <unk> watching her flock , clad in a cashmere grown , with <unk> and necklace of pearls , diamond pins , and buttons of sapphires , emeralds , and rubies . <unk> had just reached the top of the hill <unk> , from whence paris appears like a sombre sea <unk> its millions of phosphoric waves into <unk> indeed more noisy , more passionate , more <unk> , more furious , more greedy	105.70499420166016
, than those of the tempestuous ocean , —waves which never rest as those of the sea sometimes do , —waves ever dashing , ever foaming , ever <unk> what falls within their grasp . said at length , “ do you not answer me ? ” ” , but wilful negligence or forgetfulness , never . truth , monsieur le coadjuteur ’ s carriage , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ upon my honor i begin to think that heaven favors us . ” pale moon , hidden momentarily by masses of dark clouds that were sweeping across the sky , whitened the gravel walks that led to the house , but were unable to pierce the obscurity of the thick <unk> , in which a	102.83877563476562
man could conceal himself without any fear of discovery . have known you not a whole year . millions which i paid away ; almost directly afterwards another demand for the same sum was presented to me ; i put this creditor off till tomorrow and i intend leaving today , to escape that tomorrow , which would be rather too unpleasant for me to endure . ” said the baroness , with that strange simplicity sometimes met with among fashionable ladies , and of which plebeian intercourse can never entirely deprive them , — “ it is very true that had not the morcerfs hesitated , my daughter would have married monsieur albert . think , baron , for i feel uneasy , i can assure you	142.0078125
, having some considerable property in their hands . ” valentine is rich in right of her mother , and that she will , in all probability , inherit the fortune of m. and madame de saint-méran , her mother ’ s parents , who both love her tenderly . ” you , it is because he wants you . astonishment . cold silence , during which everyone was affected according to his nature . repeated the baroness . of woman is born to suffer and to die ; i am content to suffer and to await death . ” saucepan , and pour your soup into that . but help <unk> we could both together defeat their plan ! ” , ” he exclaimed , in a	58.10163879394531
languid voice , leaning back in his easy-chair . , reach scotland and rejoin lord montrose , who will not sell you . ” his meaning . ) <unk> every day , so that now they have scarcely any . you back . ” already told you , i have an instinctive affection for him , the source of which i can not explain to you . anne went to the cardinal ’ s room . ’ s study , where you very willingly presented yourself yesterday to ask for the thousand francs i give you monthly for pocket-money , you must know , my dear young lady , that many things may be learned , useful even to a girl who will not marry . you my	60.16737747192383
plan . ” as if in search of something . appears to me to be about as much inclination for the consummation of the engagement in question as there is for my own . which cahusac led to him , he saluted them with his hand , and rode away . and his companion are still here . i will content myself with arresting you ! ” and dine with me ? ” one who will relieve me of my horse ? ” let us leave these facts alone , and reason coolly . ? ” asked lord de winter , sternly . had been <unk> faithful servant , a friend , a helping <unk> to have fallen from heaven just when he expected it the least .	58.112335205078125
is the last thing extinguished in the heart of man , he finished by hoping that he might survive , even though with terrible wounds , in both these duels ; and in case of <unk> , he made the following <unk> upon his own conduct : jug had fallen from his hands while he was drinking , and the jailer went grumblingly to fetch another , without giving himself the trouble to remove the fragments of the broken one . making recruits and he will lend them to me ; if any are missing when the fete is over , i shall replace them . ” do that , my dear count ? ” athos . my dear monsieur bonacieux , my friends and i have been	86.0174560546875
on a little journey . ” you mean , ” said franz , laughingly . the <unk> , and is gold your god ? ’ s room , ” replied the host . sir , ” said he . crime with me , and she has caught it as she would the <unk> fever , the cholera , the plague ! ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , seizing her hands , and surveying her with an ardent glance , “ come , be more generous . ! ” he added , whirling his sword around him . me and propose to the chevalier . ” ! ” mercédès , blushing as rapidly as she had turned pale , and again becoming paler than ever . this horrible	35.254661560058594
secret ? ” said de winter ; “ well , then , so be it . , passed his hand across his brow . , and received with enthusiasm , when fortunately eleven o ’ clock struck . ” asked madeleine . not been to see me ? ” spite of prayers and entreaties , <unk> their regret at leaving so good a master and mistress , and especially mademoiselle valentine , so good , so kind , and so gentle . ” growled porthos , pushing his huge shoulder against the hinges , but in vain . can find me without <unk> , you understand ? ” , that have faded from the dampness ; do they not seem to say , with their pale lips and	56.90212631225586
staring eyes , ‘ we have seen ’ ? ” i am leading you ? ” said the countess , without replying to the question . he was not prepared for the dignity of the <unk> <unk> . he added with a smile , “ i leave you , <unk> ” albert understood his thoughts . is impossible , ” said mercédès , replying at the same time to what albert said as well as to her own private reflection . aramis , will you remain with this man while we go around to grimaud ? ” have seen , the term which athos applied to d ’ artagnan in his more expansive <unk> . obliged to swallow a draught of water to calm the emotions that threatened	50.41657638549805
to <unk> him . and ascertained that the enemy was advancing by way of <unk> and bethune . his pocket , and presented it to the man who had spoken to him . be <unk> with impunity , for , as we have said , since that morning he had ceased to be “ the queen ’ s invalid . ” fools laugh , which caused the minister to have a sleepless night , which has caused the minister ’ s secretaries to <unk> several sheets of paper , but which has cost me 700,000 francs . ” him the advantage of watching his prisoner . found him sound and without blemish . ” said he ; “ i want a hundred pounds , and as for my	42.806861877441406
<unk> ” and he emptied them inside out . finished ; i feel it by what remains in my heart . ” replied dantès eagerly ; “ i would beg of you , who see so completely to the depths of things , and to whom the greatest mystery seems but an easy <unk> , to explain to me how it was that i underwent no second examination , was never brought to trial , and , above all , was condemned without ever having had sentence passed on me ? ” ” home ? ” asked he . refund of any money paid by a user who <unk> you in writing ( or by <unk> ) within 30 days of receipt that <unk> does not agree to	73.3491439819336
the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license . ” replied aramis ; “ but on your account i will add some eggs , and that is a serious infraction of the <unk> eggs are meat , since they <unk> <unk> . ” ” said she , “ that is too bad . ” no , you are mistaken , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i love my poor constance more than ever , and if i knew the place in which she is , were it at the end of the world , i would go to free her from the hands of her enemies ; but i am ignorant . champagne and gave it to him . a young man followed by a lackey	25.68292236328125
with two extra horses , advanced respectfully to the door . his host , or appears to forget him , under the pretense of not knowing where he has been carried , we will not forget him , and we know where he is . albert . d ’ artagnan ; let us save the woman . ” not be prepared for everything , dear friend ? listen , valentine , ” said the count ; “ i have a favor to ask of you . ” château-renaud , “ these italians are well named and badly dressed . ” ? ” bed , was <unk> on his cloak for him , a second knock at the door was heard . i know it , ” replied the	38.15571975708008
duke , dipping the quill in the ink . the insult offered to us by that wretch , so she asked permission to travel . ” aramis placed his hand upon the arm of d ’ artagnan , and looking at him earnestly , “ you have not spoken of this lady ? ” said he . a weak chest , and like <unk> in the <unk> <unk> , she would die one day while singing . , count ! are you really on such good terms with her as to venture to take me to her box ? ” each note , as he examined it , to his colleague . the abbé , with an affable smile , “ when that report is in accordance with	51.62626266479492
the truth , everybody must believe it , the police as well as all the rest . ” said the young girl . live ! ” my anxiety , or else frighten me at once . ” than that , ” said porthos ; “ but what does not change , or changes for the better , is wine . what you assert ? ” franz , totally <unk> her raillery , “ i asked you a short time since if you knew any particulars respecting the albanian lady opposite ; i must now beseech you to inform me who and what is her husband ? ” wish to know him . said d ’ artagnan , “ will lend his , which is of no use to	48.02485275268555
him , to the comte de la fere . ” returned , did she bring that casket with her ? ” the door , for you know that last night my lord punished a soldier for having quit his post for an instant , although i , during his absence , watched in his place . ” sixty or sixty-five years ; but a certain <unk> and appearance of vigor in his movements made it probable that he was aged more from captivity than the course of time . <unk> had died of apoplexy . some papers which will certify this fact , and authorize you to appear under that name in the parisian world . of navigation ; he exaggerated to himself the power of milady .	88.37808990478516
said the coadjutor ; “ you must be well aware that this requires reflection . ” thank you ! ” hunting party on his property in the month of september , <unk> . run against me ! wait patiently for some favorable moment , and when it presents itself , profit by it . ” d ’ artagnan , “ i have <unk> to say , save that my life is ever at your majesty ’ s service , and that i shall only be happy the day i lose it for you . ” and <unk> too , like an ill-bred man . porthos , “ it is always that . impulse , franz withdrew as much as possible behind his pillar . allow him to absent	49.518489837646484
himself more than two or three weeks together . ” were trying to <unk> me ? ” and do not be angry at what i am going to say—— ” these are the same men who have often crossed his path ; and then some fine morning he will arrest d ’ artagnan , and for fear he should feel lonely , he will send us to keep him company in the bastille . ” said the voice , in a threatening accent that i had never yet heard . band of followers , and followed the footsteps of decesaris and <unk> , whom he hoped to surpass . of this treasure , which to be a churchman , pray ? , ” said beauchamp , “ on	45.723243713378906
our friend albert ’ s account . ” do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements , we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate . know that this was not a political trick , that the minister enraged at seeing me in the opposition , and jealous of the popular sympathy i excite , has not concerted with m. debray to ruin me ? ” there ? ” and when they saw and heard they were convinced . at this second thrust so forcibly made by his strange adversary . cheerful companion , with whom he was accustomed to live so <unk> , no longer breathed . ”	94.66604614257812
said mme . , when broussel made his entrance into paris in a large carriage , having his son louvieres at his side and friquet behind the vehicle , the people threw themselves in his way and cries of “ long live broussel ! ” “ long live our father ! ” resounded from all parts and was death to mazarin ’ s ears ; and the cardinal ’ s spies brought bad news from every direction , which greatly agitated the minister , but was calmly received by the queen . ” continued tréville , addressing the cardinal , “ monsieur de cahusac is quite recovered , is he not ? ” said the young woman , endeavoring to read her husband ’ s inmost thoughts ,	73.66081237792969
while a smile passed over her countenance which froze the impassibility of villefort ; “ what is the matter ? ” nothing to a sculptor like vampa ; he examined the broken stock , calculated what change it would require to adapt the gun to his shoulder , and made a fresh stock , so beautifully carved that it would have fetched fifteen or twenty piastres , had he chosen to sell it . rue coq-héron , no . you , my friend , ” said the baroness , “ what will be done with this impostor ? ” cristo ’ s voice seemed to resound in his ear with the words he had heard only two hours before , “ whatever you want , morrel , come	63.228355407714844
to me ; i have great power . ” look to his wound . ” in the tuscan archipelago , and , as he told you today , has founded a commandery . me as a magistrate or as a friend ? ” asked villefort . replied d ’ artagnan ; “ that is exactly what i want . ” fall of that of the comte de wardes . ” him the cause of my refusal , ” replied dantès , “ and i hope he fully understood it . ” every country , m. debray , ” said château-renaud . was pierced by the utterance of these two words ; he stepped forward , and touching the young man ’ s shoulder , said : baptistin ?	27.9315128326416
” , ” said monte cristo . which you knew , but you have certainly forgotten it . ” i will take advantage of it to enter your room ; do not disturb <unk> not disturb yourself ! ” . ” . ” ” said planchet , humiliated by the suspicion , and moreover , terrified at the calm air of the musketeer . friend ! travellers will arrive , ” replied franz , “ which will make it still more difficult . ” ” cried aramis , “ i think you consented to accompany me only to give me a <unk> forgive me ! ” the giant was replaced by another bandit . dantès ’ father . or heard . recognized the bandit , whose existence he	34.82434844970703
would not believe when albert de morcerf mentioned him in paris ; and not only did he recognize him , but the cell in which albert had been confined , and which was probably kept for the <unk> of strangers . ! so i was . it to die tranquilly and honorably of old age , and if you make a campaign with it , take as much care of it as you would of an old servant . out to him an officer who was conversing , on foot , his hand upon the neck of a horse on which the individual to whom he was talking sat . ? ” . all the noises that had ceased the night before <unk> , one after the other	65.94410705566406
. at the baroness , whose face became covered with blushes . and i can see you as you then were ; i open them again , and i see what you are <unk> hundred times more beautiful ! ” and let us talk , as the cardinal said . ” the <unk> was formidable . , and i the only one to do <unk> was i able to save my son alone ? athos , “ i have only to ask your majesty ’ s prayers . ” the cavalier with a soft voice . verses upon that subject ? third canto of his poem to finish , behaved like a man in haste . ? ” the monk exclaimed . on turning to the left ,	47.296451568603516
you will find the wall of the park ; get over it , and in three leaps you will be on the road and free . ” ! _ ’ ” he read , “ ‘ <unk> my memory ! _ ’ ” weeks ; we had been to lucca to take in oil , to leghorn for english cottons , and we ran our cargo without opposition , and returned home full of joy . opened , like all the rest . ” cried the king , “ what can i say to you ? , who is full of invention , would find some way to save the king . wake early he did not close the shutters , but contented himself with <unk> the door	63.75629425048828
and placing on the table an <unk> and <unk> knife , whose temper he well knew , and which was never absent from him . of absence of monsieur de tréville , on some pretext or other which you must invent ; i am not very clever at pretexts . he is inflexible in any resolutions formed for his own interests . ? ” asked debray , in a whisper , of madame danglars . the floor , and the softest and most inviting <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> , offered their <unk> and yielding cushions to such as desired repose or refreshment . a servant to go before franz with a light . the influence of the scene , bend over their balconies , or lean	80.78084564208984
from their windows , and shower down confetti , which are returned by bouquets ; the air seems darkened with the falling confetti and flying flowers . ” he said , “ just before the death of the late cardinal , i received a letter from athos . ! as if a serpent had stung him , and fixed his eyes intensely upon the guardsman who had just made this insolent speech . head fell on his breast . and the sloop which had arrived a week before lay at anchor in a small creek with her crew of six men , who had observed all the requisite formalities and were ready again to put to sea . , then ? ” conciliate us all , ” said	78.94440460205078
aramis . young man , and tell me what you wish . ” ” she said , “ is obliged in these unsettled days to inform the queen of all that is happening from time to time , without exciting the curiosity or remarks of the court . ” ! ” muttered mazarin , unable to recover from his astonishment . said , “ there he is at his post . ” to his home , folded up his wedding suit with tears in his eyes , and paced up and down his chamber the whole day , and would not go to bed at all , for i was underneath him and heard him walking the whole night ; and for myself , i assure you i	46.02358627319336
could not sleep either , for the grief of the poor father gave me great uneasiness , and every step he took went to my heart as really as if his foot had pressed against my breast . valentine , “ he was very fond of me . ” silent for twenty years , sir . his discourse , fixing his <unk> ’ s eye upon poor bonacieux , he bade him reflect upon the gravity of his situation . why , d ’ artagnan felt a cold shiver run through his veins . father , ” said the young man , “ one word more . ” father ’ s christian name was fernand , and his family name mondego ? ” then , ” resumed aramis	53.759090423583984
. signal , which shall be the words ‘ at last , ’ you each plunge a dagger into the heart of the soldier nearest to you . with a million ? ” retorted the count . accompany you , sir , ” said maximilian . in the performance of my duty . ” , rejoiced , ” said andrea . ” she exclaimed , with the delight manifested by every member of the family whenever he visited the rue meslay . the count , “ i was athos . ” hour the stone was extricated from the wall , leaving a cavity a foot and a half in <unk> . ’ s presence bernouin summoned him to the cardinal . is the matter with you , my	37.72024917602539
friend ? ” said porthos . , ” said the officer , “ and requests to speak with your eminence instantly . ” so ! ” said she . porthos earned by selling straw . d ’ avrigny to villefort , “ nature knows how to alleviate the deepest sorrow . sir it was my idea , the scotch treaty , for giving up the king ? ” we will see if the king ’ s name is not a passport everywhere , ” replied the gascon . me more confidence . ” had been his jailer . ’ s <unk> i shall find you to-morrow at charenton ? ” an officer ? ” asked the queen of lord de winter . the first <unk> , ” said	37.966670989990234
danglars to himself . dame nanette sprang to the window , threw it open , and in such a piercing voice that it might have been heard in the square of notre dame : ? ” been the case , he would not have perished by so dreadful a death . ” began mousqueton timidly . ? ” , was tied securely to a horse . . the body , without killing the soul . ” arms to mme . necessary . do without instruments to discover his treasure , without arms to defend himself ? porthos in the same sense as if it had still been in the year <unk> and related to the true cardinal . captain , “ but we must warn your excellency that	61.42365264892578
the island is an infected port . ” the trial till the next assizes ; we shall then have six months before us . ” friend , and you , perhaps , make use of him as your accomplice . ” milady , rising with the majesty of a queen , “ here , felton , behold the new martyrdom invented for a pure young girl , the victim of the brutality of a villain . web pages for current donation methods and addresses . , and pressed her almost bursting heart . <unk> <unk> exhaust itself and die away with the old trunk , and condescend only to regard the young shoot which has started up at a distance from the parent tree , without having the	87.71186828613281
power , any more than the wish , to separate entirely from the stock from which it sprung . ” are not a woman , ” muttered mazarin . time to train pupils ! has directed the fatal blow , ” said emmanuel , “ it must be that he in his great goodness has perceived nothing in the past lives of these people to merit <unk> of their awful punishment . ” ? morcerf , “ there goes a happy man ! ” and it so happened albert was not mistaken in his opinion . some one is coming here ? ” mordaunt , ” he said . my lord ; for truly , at this moment when there is question of war , i confess to	77.35475158691406
you that i see nothing in your grace but an englishman , and consequently an enemy whom i should have much greater pleasure in meeting on the field of battle than in the park at windsor or the corridors of the <unk> which , however , will not prevent me from executing to the very point my commission or from laying down my life , if there be need of it , to accomplish it ; but i repeat it to your grace , without your having personally on that account more to thank me for in this second interview than for what i did for you in the first . ” d ’ artagnan ? ” said athos . , if this be the case , —if	75.06781005859375
you can no longer weep , if your frozen heart be dead , if you put all your trust in god , then , maximilian , you are <unk> not complain . ” bonacieux sounded on the door , the two young people felt their hearts bound within them . take the king and place him in the hotel de ville ? ; receive me , oh , my lord ! ” s death and his son ’ s exile , it was supposed that the spada family would resume the splendid position they had held before the cardinal ’ s time ; but this was not the case . , went into the house , whistling a <unk> which he had begun before porthos went away .	59.17536926269531
magnificent ! on our road . ” her part , maintained a reserve still more prudent , <unk> herself with making a profound inclination of the head every time the fair traveler pronounced the name of his eminence . men ; if we should meet a little troop of enemies , equal or even superior in number to our own , shall we charge them , raoul ? ” ill , ” said the duke , “ and she desired me to excuse her to your majesty . ” mazarin , “ we will satisfy you . ” ; and what does he mean by his news from greece ? ” asked milady . tasted of a slightly bitter flavor , like that of dried <unk> ? ”	64.29664611816406
, ” said athos . not know ! ? ” up the idea ? ” , a hackney-coach was standing in the middle of the <unk> strange sight before so noble a mansion ; the count looked at it with terror , but without daring to inquire its meaning , he rushed towards his apartment . woman was in to convey to the queen the excellent news of the happy return of her messenger prevented the two lovers from exchanging more than a few words . her with that stern and forbidding expression with which he was accustomed to receive her . and formal , accosted the banker in an affable and smiling manner , and , feeling sure that the overture he was about to make would	71.4875717163086
be well received , he did not consider it necessary to adopt any <unk> in order to gain his end , but went at once straight to the point . a mission . ” sublime courage , when , having returned to consciousness , i dragged myself to the foot of the stairs , and you , almost dying yourself , came to meet me . as i have told you , d ’ artagnan is first amongst us all , ” said athos . the most . ” a figure in the shadow that seemed to wait for him . , or i shall cause deep anxiety to my family . i reserve eighty francs for myself ? the other with his back to me . ”	46.80394744873047
comminges , “ suppose one thing . ” to restrain him . , sir , ” said monte cristo coldly , who felt the perfidious manœuvre of the young man , and understood the bearing of his words ; “ you only acquired my protection after the influence and fortune of your father had been ascertained ; for , after all , who procured for me , who had never seen either you or your illustrious father , the pleasure of your acquaintance ? —two of my good friends , lord wilmore and the abbé busoni . see the ship which was carrying her son over the vast sea ; but still her voice involuntarily murmured softly : courage , then , for never have you required it	88.64795684814453
more . ” said albert , “ if the way be picturesque . ” , preparing for a stroke ? ” who saw that would be a means of his remaining alone with noirtier , expressed his opinion that it was the best thing that could be done ; but he forbade that anything should be given to her except what he ordered . based on this legend . francs at the beginning of the month , but on the <unk> we made up for it , and we now find that our accounts , reckoning from the first day of <unk> up to yesterday , when i closed them , showed a capital of <unk> francs , that is , <unk> for each of us . to	60.845848083496094
determine d ’ artagnan on the part he was to take . god ? ” and this time the doors were left open . said monte cristo with a voice that betrayed not the least emotion ; and immediately beauchamp appeared . myself who is acquainted with the noble art of <unk> . and let us begin with these <unk> , and this fresh butter ; which i have put on some <unk> to please you , wicked one . then ? ” asked the young girl . ; i did indeed charge him with a commission , the result of which he must tell me ; walk to the barrier , there take a cab , that you may not be too late . ” for he	52.88137435913086
returned home crushed by the humiliation of a refusal . at least , ” said madame de villefort . the door , madame , and i must be in rome in five days . ” <unk> , malibran , <unk> , acquire for myself what you would never have given me , whatever might have been your fortune , a hundred or a hundred and fifty thousand livres per annum , for which i shall be indebted to no one but myself ; and which , instead of being given as you gave me those poor twelve thousand francs , with <unk> looks and reproaches for my prodigality , will be accompanied with acclamations , with <unk> , and with flowers ? let me have a bottle of	45.249881744384766
the least expensive . ” the abbé ; “ you will force the last drop of blood from your veins . puzzled how to write such a letter , and yet the chancellor draws up an official report very readily . ” ! ” exclaimed the cavalier . wall , but he could not render himself invisible ; and the man in the cloak said to him , giving him his lantern : said nothing , but their silence seemed to imply consent . the king and the cardinal , and how he likes ; but the queen is sacred , and if anyone speaks of her , let it be respectfully . ” street replied by a single tap , and the shutter was opened a little	68.5598373413086
way . so , although inclination might lead her to do so , but we shall take your eminence to paris , and the parisians will defend us . ” aramis made his appearance at the other end of the street upon a superb english charger . the three musketeers were without witnesses , they looked at one another with an air which plainly expressed that each of them perceived the gravity of their situation . excellent memory ; and i will be bound that sooner than relinquish any possible means of vengeance , he will allow himself to be beaten to death . : one drop of water <unk> to make the full vase overflow ; one slight fault may draw down punishment upon the head spared	110.7509994506836
, despite many crimes . ” with so much affectionate tenderness that she exclaimed : a horrible , tedious death ; you killed my father ; you deprived me of liberty , of love , and happiness . ” compressed his lips . the story relative to the diamond , and there existed no such person as the abbé busoni , then , indeed , i was lost past <unk> , or , at least , my life hung upon the feeble chance of caderousse himself being apprehended and confessing the whole truth . when he addresses me , that i forget it ever can be bitter to others . athos , addressing at the same time his companions and their adversaries , “ are we ready ?	87.08549499511719
” spanish bonds ? ” he asked of the baroness . mistaken , they are not misfortunes , —it is a punishment . on paris ? ” the minister of police maintained a silence which was equivalent to a complete avowal . he said : influenced by her <unk> and coquettish disposition , teresa might escape him . . ” that embrace alive . was , it seems , sufficiently glorious to allow itself to be ungrateful , and it was so for all services that did not date from the imperial period . , and mousqueton , having closed the door , mounted behind the carriage with many groans . , sir , and if he had not a meal left , i doubt if he would	86.46442413330078
have asked anything from anyone , except from heaven . ” will be reported , will cover us with shame ; for in a society such as ours satire inflicts a painful and <unk> wound . of audience ? ” asked a porter , advancing to the new arrival . , ” answered mademoiselle danglars , “ that you would be condemned to die like the worst criminals . ” of st. augustine , upon which we could not agree , ” said the gascon . the other , “ if this last resource fail you ? ” tell you , wretched man . ” to contend with an unpolished nature , concentrated and insensible by force of <unk> . for interrupting you ; but what do you	64.19886016845703
advise me to do ? have you learned all this ? ” inquired villefort , in astonishment . grimaud , who spoke to him in a low voice . the old man , “ the natural repugnance to the commission of such a crime prevented you from thinking of it ; and so it ever is because in simple and <unk> things our natural instincts keep us from <unk> from the strict line of duty . on his highness ’ s account , whose mandate i had , for the sum of four hundred thousand francs . louis xviii. , “ the duc de blacas assures me you have some interesting information to communicate . ” albert , but you know these roses , <unk> , and <unk>	51.190101623535156
throw out at first , before one is used to them , such violent perfumes . ” to accuse you of weakness before god ? ” it remains , possibly , for us to accomplish ours . ” built , had just been launched . i feel anxious to preach a sermon , ” said d ’ artagnan . was a monster . and she continued : overcame all difficulties with a <unk> majesty ’ s order ; and , in spite of the protestations which the master of ceremonies made for the honor of his office and principles , villefort was introduced . ’ t really wish it ? ” it will afford me the pleasure of seeing you. ” they shook hands . , with one	74.55668640136719
hand placed on his shoulder . play the part of heroes ; the choice is easy . ” when you please , monsieur ? ” said morrel . because you are overheard , ” coolly replied milady ; “ and you wish to interest your jailers and your hangmen against me . ” took his hat , as if it had been his intention to obey , then , opening quickly the door of a large closet instead of that leading to the staircase , he buried himself amid the robes and dressing gowns of milady . place ? ” my lord . a low voice : “ i <unk> wish you to spare me the walk back to paris . , and i take upon myself to	49.55327224731445
punish him for his want of courtesy . ” who , to please the count whom he regards as god on earth , will assist him in contriving mazarin ’ s escape , if mazarin has the wit to weep or play the chivalric . ” live upon 5,000 francs a month ? ” —i do not count my servant ’ s <unk> nag . read it thus : a sword thrust , why then— ” grimaud . awakened himself , and as he awoke , stood up exactly like a soldier under arms . discuss seriously his right to the <unk> chair when they were informed that dinner was ready . who , hearing of faria ’ s illness from the jailer , had come in person	129.23313903808594
to see him . ” answered caderousse ; “ we might be interrupted in the most interesting part of my story , which would be a pity ; and it is as well that your visit hither should be made known only to ourselves . ” ? with an air of ineffable contempt , while her husband , affecting not to observe this <unk> gesture , turned towards monte cristo and said , — “ upon my word , count , i am quite sorry not to have met you sooner . unfortunate greek left under my care . ” nothing to lose , —i should go . ” for mercy ’ s sake , don ’ t fly from me . the failure of our plan to	49.09117889404297
come up here , love . ” grievously from his wound , though it had been dressed anew by m. de tréville ’ s surgeon , was seated on a post and waiting for his adversary with hat in hand , his feather even touching the ground . were masked , albert , ” said franz ; “ here was an opportunity of making up for past <unk> . ” noirtier gave another turn to his hair ; took , instead of his black cravat , a colored <unk> which lay at the top of an open portmanteau ; put on , in lieu of his blue and <unk> frock-coat , a coat of villefort ’ s of dark brown , and cut away in front ; tried	90.82234954833984
on before the glass a <unk> hat of his son ’ s , which appeared to fit him perfectly , and , leaving his cane in the corner where he had deposited it , he took up a small <unk> switch , cut the air with it once or twice , and walked about with that easy <unk> which was one of his principal characteristics . ‘ long live cromwell ! ’ ” myself ! the affair ; he had only to turn his eyes on one side , and allow andrea to fly , and follow up the crime under that shadow of guilt called contempt of court . cried the queen , “ that dreadful mischief maker ! , with a smile which might have disarmed	91.59549713134766
the angel of the last judgment . prove not a devouring fire ! ” endeavored to catch your eye , but could not . a touch of vexation , that perhaps the young woman had fallen asleep while waiting for him . , ” said the man , “ for here are eleven , and i had twenty-one , five more than last year . of the baron ; but as the baroness evidently regretted parting with them , i ventured to send them back to her , with a request that she would gratify me by accepting them from my hands . ” he is going to spend the day and night there . ” he feared that the emotion of his voice would betray him .	68.38430786132812
the young man , “ if there did appear some defect in education , or offence against the established forms of etiquette , i suppose it would be excused , in consideration of the misfortunes which accompanied my birth , and followed me through my youth . ” if he really hates the wicked , as he is said to do , send down <unk> and fire , and consume them altogether ? ” gentleman ; but i can not be imprisoned for the reason <unk> ; it is impossible . ” ? ” . franz . to my health . ” i speak of , absolute calm and silence are necessary , and then a certain <unk> ” to his escort , “ withdraw . bonacieux ,	71.95867919921875
with a <unk> air , “ she is too <unk> a woman . ” be very <unk> , but i certainly should have no difficulty in explaining my wants and wishes ; and that would be quite as much as i should ever require . ” the night in the king ’ s room ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . , as a friend . ” said aramis . for which closer attention is required , i pricked one of my fingers , and wrote with my own blood . ” connection will be seen by others , and therefore i will have the article contradicted . ” , put his foot on the spur to get down , the spur broke , he fell with a	40.11845016479492
broken leg , and , instead of keeping quiet , took to crying out like a gallows-bird . asked de guiche . ? ” asked gondy . , after the interview we have described with the cardinal , entered the room . s born must fulfil his destiny . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ but i—i confess i have a contrary conviction . ” tapestry opened noiselessly and a man in black silently advanced and stood behind the chair on which mazarin sat . they are doing ? ” , the four friends were soon in one another ’ s arms . fright last night , ” replied dantès , smiling , “ that i have almost lost my memory . concern me , ”	50.46435546875
replied milady , coldly , “ since it bears another name than mine . ” with that false calmness than i impose upon you with my frivolous solicitude . facing your window , in the embrasure of that door—a man wrapped in a cloak . ” ’ s wife could follow him with her eyes , she waved her handkerchief to him , leaning so far out of the window as to lead people to believe she wished to precipitate herself . will go . ” valentine ; “ and i have but one scruple , —that of leaving my dear grandmother ’ s remains , which i had undertaken to watch . ” eyes of the little group were fixed on the same line which at daybreak	68.49690246582031
they had mistaken for fog and which the morning sun now plainly showed was an army in order of battle . . ” said he to albert , “ if you are come to quarrel with this gentleman because i have preferred him to you , i shall resign the case to the king ’ s attorney . ” virtue , why the devil don ’ t you make use of it with respect to her majesty ? little air of incredulity . does he bless ? cried , “ by jove ! , and gave his hand to milady , while the sailors supported her , for the sea was still much agitated . same . ” their turn , leading their masters ’ steeds . the	54.02667236328125
shares of that company ; as you had foreseen , the shares trebled in value , and i picked up a million , from which 250,000 francs were paid to you for <unk> . remove her lips from his kisses ; only she did not respond to them . said the duchess , quickly . those gentlemen every day , ” said beauchamp ; “ but he is perfectly unknown to me . ” escaped from behind the cloud which had concealed it , and morrel saw villefort come out upon the steps , followed by a gentleman in black . these peaceful proceedings , sheathed their swords grumblingly . you drive don carlos out of spain . ” somehow , you will see . ” quite alone	88.12442779541016
. ” <unk> according to d ’ artagnan ’ s portrait of him , the stranger must be a <unk> be incapable of the baseness of stealing a letter . a laughing voice , the silvery tone of which betrayed it as that of a woman , “ is not such a fool as to be here . ” have been the young man , certainly , for he was strong and industrious , while the abbé was aged and weak ; besides , his mind was too <unk> to allow him to carry out an idea . ” , and by yourself , whom i love and <unk> above all the world , i swear it . ” my papers , ” said monte cristo , “	36.448455810546875
they want to kill me ; they are no robbers , but assassins . bonacieux ’ s unfortunate house , together with the nearest neighbors , heard loud cries , stamping of feet , clashing of swords , and breaking of furniture . to rome to see , ” said danglars aloud ; then he added softly , with an avaricious smile , “ i came to touch ! ” and he rapped his pocket-book , in which he had just placed a letter . by the faith of de tréville . ” a manner so direct , did not know what to answer ; and he thought that this was the moment for expressing the desire which he was not going to have made until the evening	69.7612075805664
before the fête . which he had become acquainted with valentine , and how he had loved her , and that valentine , in her solitude and her misfortune , had accepted the offer of his devotion . , and cucumetto came out . d ’ artagnan , laughing , “ porthos will pay you with the money of the duchess coquenard . ” the door and knocked , murmuring , “ i will go myself and be caught in the mousetrap , but woe be to the cats that shall pounce upon such a mouse ! ” for that is , i believe , the phrase for <unk> ambition . ” is <unk> himself , ” said one of the thieves . seems to have an agreeable	47.6976318359375
style , ” said the messenger , carelessly . to baron danglars , chevalier of the legion of honor , and member of the chamber of deputies ? ” my servants by word or action . morrel , “ i thought this mixture , of which you now take four spoonfuls , was prepared for m. noirtier ? ” from all the rest of the world , and they only spoke in broken words , which are the tokens of a joy so extreme that they seem rather the expression of sorrow . , my poor child ! ” cried the baroness , falling on her chair , and stifling her sobs in her handkerchief . than ever ! ” place , ’ said he , ‘ i	44.38887023925781
wish my lackey placed with me , fully <unk> ’ we hastened to obey this order ; for you will please to understand , monsieur , we were disposed to do everything your friend could desire . at six o ’ clock in the morning , remembered perfectly that , just as he was taking his post a few minutes past four , a young man arrived on horseback , with a little boy before him . you enter ? a year . porthos , “ i am entirely of d ’ artagnan ’ s opinion ; this is a ‘ <unk> ’ country , this england . ” you . glass again as if nothing had happened ; his face was like marble , and his heart	51.42860794067383
was like bronze . certainly say that much for myself , ” continued the innkeeper , fairly sustaining the scrutiny of the abbé ’ s gaze ; “ i can boast with truth of being an honest man ; and , ” continued he significantly , with a hand on his breast and shaking his head , “ that is more than everyone can say nowadays . ” , we very well know , but she had faith in the genius of <unk> immense sovereignty which reigns in all the details of human life , and by which , as in the arabian fable , a single pomegranate seed is sufficient to reconstruct a ruined world . ” replied athos to this recital , “ i am quite	82.013916015625
at my ease ; it will not be women that will defray the expense of my outfit . ” raoul ’ s age the heart is so expansive that it must encircle one object or another , fancied or real . wonder how a man who can cook thus can complain of hard living . ” today ? ” cried , “ this time we shall be pursued . monsieur d ’ artagnan to name them , my lord . mother , and do not yield too much to <unk> ” and albert , rising , kissed his mother on both cheeks , then stood looking at her . , he alighted in the court . said d ’ artagnan , becoming angry again . are always the	61.73101806640625
same , athos , great and generous . pang that fernand endured . said caderousse ; ‘ and now , although you have wronged us of perhaps <unk> francs , will you have your supper with us ? <unk> ! ” repeated monte cristo ; “ and what was his mania ? ” whether you have long possessed it ? ” and embarrassed , and stopped for the third time . accompanied by the chevalier de coislin , bearing the candlestick , and then the queen returned to her own apartment . you rouse me at this hour ? ” cough to be a signal . francs ; but he rid himself of all his spanish shares . room ; maximilian was obliged to let him pass ,	55.076297760009766
but he followed him . edmond dantès , ” but the count seized his arm and prevented him . i did . ” —i am calm , ” said morrel , giving his hand to the count ; “ my pulse does not beat slower or faster than usual . , think i set any great store by life ? ” dantès , are you now free ? ” inquired the owner . of it ? whom she took for lubin , and holding out a little billet to him said , “ for your master . ” perfectly safe to <unk> to the paralyzed frame of m. noirtier , which has become gradually accustomed to it , would be sufficient to kill another person . ” parents	47.93099594116211
are unknown . ” his fears lest , at the <unk> , the parisian mode of life should displease the traveller in the most essential point . count ? ” should be appointed to a regiment what would his guardian say ? ” no one will know that she has been guilty . important matters to communicate to one another , and it was impossible to talk five minutes in that inn without being annoyed by all those importunate fellows , who keep coming in , saluting you , and addressing you . foot , athos presided over it better than any other , placing every guest exactly in the rank which his ancestors had earned for him or that he had made for himself . result had	119.28209686279297
surpassed his utmost expectations . , i think you are right with respect to our host , and that he is decidedly a frightfully low wretch . ” madame , that could not be . , he had really been the hero of one of the tales of the _thousand and one nights_ , and he was irresistibly attracted towards the grotto . to perish ! ” said aramis , in a reproachful tone , “ how could you believe that we had made a disturbance ? ” ! , seated in a chair which he balanced on two legs , leaning his elbow on an old worm-eaten table , was a tall young man of twenty , or two-and-twenty , who was looking at her with an	58.45592498779297
air in which vexation and uneasiness were mingled . father desired the marriage . ” , ” added she , pointing to the <unk> with her finger but without touching it , as if she must be <unk> by it , “ you may carry it back and make use of it yourself , for doubtless you are <unk> the accomplice of lord de <unk> accomplice in his persecutions , the accomplice in his heresies . ” raised myself up on one hand . , ” he said , “ that of a man who was of feeble mind , yet one whose reign was full of great events ; because over this king watched the spirit of another man , even as this lamp keeps <unk> over	89.30860900878906
this coffin and <unk> it . and plainly saw two human forms on planchet ’ s horse . he to the abbé , “ i am anxious to see your treasures . ” ? ” there of these linen drapers ? ” the excited mob . said , turning to those who were near him “ can any one of you speak spanish and serve me as interpreter ? ” to submit to such a stain on his father ’ s honor . ” unworthy of a king . ” de morcerf saw me . ” understand it all , ” he said , “ but i understand now ; how droll it is ! ” his pocket , and <unk> a knot at each <unk> signal agreed	49.692710876464844
<unk> it in the air and the man came up to him . . ” andrea , “ i shall not overtake my friend , but i shall kill your horse , therefore i had better stop . who , unable to conceive that any harm was intended to her , smiled in the face of those who were soon to become her executioners . nothing , the pail had once possessed a handle , but that had been removed . dignity of his countenance <unk> mordaunt . murmured the king ; “ what must be done ? ” dantès ’ brow . dwelt was situated between the rue cassette and the rue servandoni . times a week . ” she solicited . me , ” continued albert	48.59715270996094
; “ franz likes all that is eccentric ; i tried to make him fall in love with mademoiselle danglars ; but in spite of four letters , written in the most <unk> style , he invariably answered : ‘ my eccentricity may be great , but it will not make me break my promise . ’ ” quays , went out by the gate of la <unk> and followed the road , much more beautiful then than it is now , which leads to st . , baron , i have a great mind to pick a quarrel with you for asking it ; as if all the world did not know who the countess g—— was . ” replied mazarin , trying to smile and biting	58.40265655517578
his lips in the attempt , “ that our parts are changed , and that instead of these gentlemen being my prisoners i am theirs ; but , gentlemen , i warn you , unless you kill me , your victory will be of very short duration ; people will come to the rescue . ” and one wounded man ; so that three of the king ’ s <unk> of whom was <unk> a youth not only maintained their ground against five of the most terrible of the cardinal ’ s guardsmen , but absolutely brought four of them to earth . ” a great poet , it seems to me , ” raoul ventured to say . stabbed you ? ” house in the village without	72.30162811279297
saying a word to his companion , who smiled complacently , as though <unk> to find himself travelling in so comfortable a vehicle . , my brave d ’ artagnan , ” replied athos ; “ but you are no longer our masters . the prompt assistance of your intrepid servant , this dear child and myself must both have perished . ” but becomingly , clad in the dress peculiar to the merchant <unk> costume somewhat between a military and a civil garb ; and with his fine countenance , radiant with joy and happiness , a more perfect specimen of manly beauty could scarcely be imagined . traveled all night , at seven o ’ clock she was at the fort of the point ; at	78.28368377685547
eight o ’ clock she had embarked ; and at nine , the vessel , which with letters of <unk> from the cardinal was supposed to be sailing for bayonne , raised anchor , and steered its course toward england . , after being summoned by m. noirtier , had so much astonished everyone , that the position of madame de villefort , left alone with the notary and the witnesses , became every moment more embarrassing . . ” <unk> , edmond ! other <unk> ? ” outside the walls ? ” said the count . massive door , which after the introduction into the lock of a key which the young man carried with him , turned heavily upon its hinges , and disclosed the chamber	53.36636734008789
destined for milady . porthos , “ it appears to me that the means are very simple . ” of all your misfortunes ; but why do you pity , instead of <unk> me ? ” grimaud . ” replied milady ; “ she first , and he afterward . ” ? morning that , tired of letting his property lie <unk> in italy , which is a dead nation , he wished to find a method , either in france or england , of multiplying his millions , but remember , that though i place great confidence in busoni , i am not responsible for this . ” at nîmes ? ” cristo ” added debray . morrel , captain of spahis , —and son of my	60.67939376831055
former patron , pierre morrel , shipowner at marseilles , —the sum of twenty millions , a part of which may be offered to his sister julie and brother-in-law emmanuel , if he does not fear this increase of fortune may <unk> their happiness . mind , and it is wonderful what revolutions may be wrought in it by a sign , a word , a hope . eyes . porthos , “ death is nothing : it isn ’ t death that can disquiet us , since we don ’ t know what it is . morrel , almost tempted to throw himself on his knees before noirtier and valentine , and to adore them as two superior beings , “ what have i ever done in	81.26129150390625
my life to merit such unbounded happiness ? ” the inspector , “ who can live here ? ” boat , ” said athos . a short , thick neck ; he was attacked with apoplexy , and i was called in too late . , when for the hundredth time i took up my spade , i asked myself again and again what the corsican could have done with the child . sixteen , when this took place , rejoiced greatly at this <unk> ; but the other four cursed it heartily . turned toward her ; the poor woman reclined where she had been left , half-fainting upon an armchair . in your eyes , accustomed as they have been to gaze on such enchanted scenes	99.98493957519531
? ” ” sake , madame , ” said villefort , with a firmness of expression not altogether free from <unk> “ for heaven ’ s sake , do not ask pardon of me for a guilty wretch ! . ” asked athos . , which he had carried between his teeth as he swam . ? ” he were <unk> is all . ” should find her next day at the louvre ; sometimes he feared she had had an intrigue with another , who , in a jealous fit , had surprised her and carried her off . ” said monte cristo . ; the other cavaliers were only twenty steps from them . the inspector , “ providence has changed this gigantic plan you <unk>	40.13339614868164
so warmly . ” lord de winter entered first ; indeed , there was but one porter there to receive them at the gate . said d ’ artagnan , bowing , “ that you give it , my lord , without hesitation and with the conviction that i am worthy of it . ” . ” me , for i thought you took the liveliest interest in all my affairs ! ” , and a walk without rome will do us both good . ” bread , water , and fresh straw ; and that is all a prisoner can wish for . effect produced on his betrothed , and a smile of pride passed over his lips . i did myself the honor of calling upon	57.28044891357422
you , in order to beg for an explanation . ” of <unk> these hours were <unk> extinguished as to the whole of the luminous portion of him , and his brilliant side disappeared as into profound darkness . at your control . ” place nearly eighty-three hours . ” he may be , he will give you at least eight hundred pistoles . that reason , ” said mazarin , “ that i wish to start before them . ” shall live here , like the mercédès of other times , gaining my bread by labor , would not be true , nor would you believe me . would be easier than to furnish all i desired . ” said porthos ; “ jump in . ”	58.32069778442383
said to the lieutenant . subject : ‘ <unk> sit <unk> <unk> . ’ ” the broken glass , the count opened the door . , ” continued louis xviii. , still annotating . ? ” penelon , who , with a <unk> of a hundred francs in either hand , seemed unable to make up his mind to retain them . fellow ! ” replied athos , “ wait awhile ; we have scarcely left him two hours <unk> does not know yet in what direction we came nor where we are . you mean , i suppose ? ” he did not yet speak italian , he understood it very well . terrifies me . ” of my desire to have these payments punctually , and	59.314414978027344
he has been here within the last half-hour to tell me that if his ship , the _pharaon_ , did not come into port on the 15th , he would be wholly unable to make this payment . ” nor had they made any attempt to <unk> him ; this seemed a good augury . a crime ? ” asked villefort , with a last effort . mazarin , with his most smiling expression . gives you so much courage as good reasons , ” continued the sailor ; “ and during that time the wind had abated , and the sea gone down , but the water kept rising ; not much , only two inches an hour , but still it rose . said she ,	70.91744995117188
shrugging her shoulders , “ i am not ill ; i am <unk> is all . ” and honor ; and as m. de la <unk> protestant , and seeing the king <unk> of no party , he did not , in general , carry any bias into his social relations . of stone . obtained them ? ” ” said porthos , “ that is what you meant to say ! ” you very well , and as to the axe , i do not think it would be out of keeping even at this moment . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for i believe if he does not pay us , we shall be well enough paid by another party . ” monsieur	33.56884002685547
, i must acknowledge , with a sword thrust in my breast , and by nailing the comte de wardes on the byroad to calais , like a <unk> on a tapestry . ” be found ? ” as ignorant of what the cup contained as he was before he had looked at it , and then casting his eyes towards his host he saw him smile at his disappointment . fatigued , had descended to the garden of his house , and in a gloomy mood , similar to that in which <unk> <unk> off the <unk> <unk> , he began knocking off with his cane the long and dying branches of the rose-trees , which , placed along the avenue , seemed like the spectres of	77.45536804199219
the brilliant flowers which had bloomed in the past season . bazin , “ aramis was his name of perdition . then , at once . ” since declared yourself the friend of that person , he thinks it his duty to respond to that friendship by sending you important information . , my dear monsieur mordaunt ! the diamond is real , and that this gentleman , one of the first jewellers of paris , will give us 50,000 francs for it . file through these bars . but when i do obtain it—— ” , unheard-of fortune sufficed you no longer when you once possessed it ; you wished to double it , and how ? —by a murder ! thus passed the day in building	116.68573760986328
castles in the air , they separated their flocks , and descended from the elevation of their dreams to the reality of their humble position . ” exclaimed athos , smiling , “ you have a duel in prospect . ” ? ” ” said mazarin ; “ if he has raised it he can put it down . ” ” cried many persons present . the count seems the rage , ” replied the viscount , smiling , “ and that you are the seventeenth person that has asked me the same question . ’ s meaning , and answered by a slight shrug of his shoulders . out the drawings ? ” here , or in the neighborhood ? ” me ? ” to retire ;	39.76984786987305
but he answered that he was a musketeer at heart , entirely devoted to your majesty , and that therefore he would remain with messieurs the musketeers . ” , a man whom i loved , and who loved me—a heart like yours , felton , a man like you . faced around in order that d ’ artagnan and porthos might enter . vast amphitheatre filled with spectators ; the balconies of the two churches at the corner of the via del babuino and the via di ripetta were crammed ; the steps even seemed a <unk> sea , that was impelled towards the portico ; every niche in the wall held its living statue . that she was the goddaughter of monsieur laporte , the confidential	91.86077880859375
man of the queen ? , ” said the queen , speaking so low that mme . to collect and throw us back our balls , ” said the duke . expectations ; that is all i promise you . ” number of other ways including checks , online payments and credit card donations . beg of you ; i wait and listen . ” ? ” the iron gate and arrived in front of the chateau . he were to lose them ? ” said monte cristo . adieux to you , but time does not permit . know all this ? ” said the unknown , “ farewell kindness , humanity , and gratitude ! but they took part with the princes without <unk> us of	40.400390625
it . ! <unk> impossible ! ” took the road to rueil , where he usually resided ; in those times of disturbance he went about with numerous followers and often disguised himself . ” exclaimed julie , clasping her hands , “ in what did he believe , then ? ” ? —very little without you , mother ; for believe me , but for you i should have ceased to live on the day i doubted my father and renounced his name . saw the two cavaliers he ran to them with open arms . of which we are ignorant ? ” left him , ” replied mordaunt , alighting , in order to give his horse to a soldier to hold . time , rewards	70.57121276855469
of merit , medals , crosses , monthyon prizes , if they do not lead society towards more complete perfection ? the king , “ to fight ? ” thousand for you . ” on his account ? ” your latin ! ” said d ’ artagnan , who began to feel all his patience exhausted . to knock his _moccoletto_ out of his hand ; but albert , a first-rate <unk> , sent them rolling in the street , one after the other , and continued his course towards the church of san giacomo . conducted him straight to the bastille , where he passed trembling before a party of soldiers who were loading their muskets . ! ” cried athos . to the marrow of his	69.36929321289062
bones ; probably lord de winter perceived this emotion . in the recollection of those who <unk> his history ; his terrible story is recited in the <unk> , and a shudder is felt at the description of his transit through the air to be swallowed by the <unk> ” then , the count added aloud , “ was his name ever known ? ” <unk> idea which carries you back to other times , to other <unk> , very likely , have no connection with the present time and place . the king had ridden for three years and of which he was very fond . , that the king ’ s <unk> ” his life , and as he has a regard for his head ,	60.73088836669922
he feels some gratitude towards me for having kept it on his shoulders . ” , ” added porthos . over her face ; she looked at luigi , who could not refuse his assent . they drew up the <unk> before the king was taken ? ” , ” repeated the princess , opening the door herself . good master ! ” ” said he , “ his father loves him so much ! ” porthos , ” said d ’ artagnan . danglars . ’ artagnan felt that planchet slipped a note into his hand . you mean , monsieur porthos . like a child , into the arms of his mistress ’ s father . , ” said athos , “ by which you perceive	30.915973663330078
i am five minutes faster than you . ” cloister of st. <unk> , for she guessed the reproaches that awaited her there ; but she was fascinated by the lofty airs of porthos . her majesty ’ s commands from her own lips . ” ? an encounter with your eminence ’ s guards decided the victory in favor of the king ’ s musketeers ; it is he who gave three desperate wounds to de wardes , your emissary , and who caused the affair of the diamond studs to fail ; it is he who , knowing it was i who had madame bonacieux carried off , has sworn my death . ” aramis , that is another thing , ” said porthos , “	49.33135223388672
and it wouldn ’ t surprise me at all . ” come from an enemy , monsieur , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ it comes from the queen . ” porthos and aramis . i take a ride in the fields and on the property of my <unk> , in order to pick up a nice little quarrel , which i am really in want of , but nothing happens . said the englishman , taking a quantity of papers from his pocket , “ an assignment of 200,000 francs to our house by m. de boville , the inspector of prisons , to whom they are due . , ” answered d ’ artagnan . . ear . me ; i made the tenant sign	30.366371154785156
the deed of <unk> , and when i had obtained what i so much wanted , i galloped to auteuil . from the scabbard , and followed him , crying , “ turn , turn , master <unk> , lest i strike you behind ! ” return to your post , for they will soon be here . ” at ? ” occurred in the camp at la rochelle ; only the king , who was bored , as always , but perhaps a little more so in camp than elsewhere , resolved to go incognito and spend the festival of st. louis at st. germain , and asked the cardinal to order him an escort of only twenty musketeers . and the rochellais eight or ten .	62.00987243652344
” . ” signor pastrini looking very much alarmed , and this had only made him the more anxious to read albert ’ s letter ; and so he went instantly towards the waxlight , and unfolded it . by the side of his mother ’ s bed . s silence , then the carriage cleared the gate . they will ; only listen to that charming <unk> . ” continued morrel , answering his own thoughts . the cavalcanti ? ” confess it does , ” replied d ’ artagnan . undecided . ! ” cried the officer , “ have they killed him ? body of the cardinal , who did not shudder readily . letter , madame , ” said the chancellor . ? ”	37.238277435302734
the queen shook her head . , ” he said , “ and obtain some pious grant from him . ” with a party of spaniards . plainly one thing , sir ? today . ” ! madame . ” into her mind . monte cristo breathed a profound sigh , and said : said franz . being killed , ” said porthos , “ at least i should like to know what for . ” of milady ; that was most probable . i purchase all this delight , joy , and happiness , for which i would cheerfully have surrendered ten years of my life , at the small cost of 500 francs per annum , paid <unk> ? mission of promoting the free distribution of	49.01799011230469
electronic works , by using or distributing this work ( or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” ) , you agree to comply with all the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license . know why they die so multitudinously at m. de villefort ’ s ? ” fere , whose family is allied to the montmorency and the rohan , is easily the equal of monsieur de mazarin . ” think of her personal appearance ? ” seemed to move , as though she were talking ; but because she merely spoke in an undertone , or my senses were dulled by sleep , i did not catch a word she	32.23877716064453
uttered . an expression of kindness which it was impossible to mistake ; but d ’ artagnan was so preoccupied by the mistress that he noticed absolutely nothing but her . was yours . man of four or five-and-twenty , bronzed by the sun ; he carried his head erect , and seemed on the watch to see on which side his liberator would appear . sir . courage to reply ; he showed him the open door , the empty room . a line or two , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ read the letter again from the commencement . ” ago , while you were at monsieur de tréville ’ s . ” d ’ artagnan . ” and master , du vallon de	46.535709381103516
bracieux de pierrefonds ! ” , debray ? ” ’ artagnan was to return it , but milady added , “ no , no ! ; i will get access to her without her suspecting me , and when i catch my beauty , i will strangle her . ” restoration , i served through the first campaign under the orders of marshal <unk> . as well informed as you , and our police are as good as your own . cried luigi and teresa at the same moment . on board ship , when the vessel , gliding on with security over the azure sea , required no care but the hand of the helmsman , thanks to the favorable winds that swelled her sails , edmond	82.52062225341797
, with a chart in his hand , became the <unk> of jacopo , as the poor abbé faria had been his tutor . added the queen , her voice broken by her emotion , “ have you any other question to ask me ? ” baron , that legal methods are the safest in criminal cases ; it was , perhaps , some plot against you. ” andrea looked steadily at monte cristo and disappeared in the second drawing-room . ” , athos ’ s heart bounded for joy ; and that unfortunate , on coming to himself , found ten guineas that the french gentleman had slipped into his pocket . this interval of calm to send away raoul , whom he had great difficulty in	75.5914077758789
keeping shut up during the riot , and who wished positively to strike a blow for one party or the other . chair , with her hands extended , as if to conjure this terrible apparition . ; he is no longer in my hands , ” replied villefort . habitation , ” said beauchamp , looking towards the mausoleum ; “ a summer and winter palace . not yet been attuned to the sublimity of the substances it <unk> . was ready to go to the end of the world to seek her ; but the world , being round , has many ends , so that he did not know which way to turn . outburst of <unk> . and the count turned pale . of	55.76203918457031
the chateau to the other , porthos looking with wondering eyes at d ’ artagnan , who was counting on his fingers . captain ; twenty pistoles on one <unk> one , the last . ” the old man . longer any hope of making his master renounce his project , heaved a profound sigh and set to work to groom the third horse . the executioner . the reason people die so multitudinously ( i like the word ) at m. de villefort ’ s is that there is an assassin in the house ! ” a violent effort to restrain himself , and then a smile gradually widened the features of his disturbed countenance . will not get beyond bondy . said porthos , “ we	66.9139404296875
shall remember that ; but see , there is a postscript from aramis . ” endowed with <unk> wished to fly away . loves a father , brother , husband ! as you do all the time ; nothing <unk> the intellect like sleep . holy ground . , m. danglars ! ” i regret ; no , i will never pronounce that sentence , which would not be orthodox . ” curious to know what the mendicant could want with his master , kept pace with him as well as he could , and arrived almost at the same time he did ; but his quickness was not of much use to him . the cardinal , affecting an <unk> frankness of speech , “ i shall	66.65850067138672
convince your majesty , i trust , of my devotion to you and my desire to terminate an affair which you have so much at heart . , ” said porthos , <unk> in his own . hand , reflected that this recent gentleness of his friends most certainly arose from some plan formed by d ’ artagnan . you to leave off wearing that style of dress . ” <unk> ; i am told it is so very amusing ! ” artagnan believed that he might be tranquil , as one of his two enemies was killed and the other devoted to his interests . was about to harness the horses to my carriage , he discovered that they had been removed from the stables without his	63.449676513671875
knowledge . ” to her room . <unk> to sleep , but to think over all he had heard that evening . next day to milady ’ s , and finding her in a very ill-humor , had no doubt that it was lack of an answer from m. de wardes that provoked her thus . have the honor of telling it to your excellency . ” be called amiability , it is her duty ; a slave does not dictate to a master . ” to the window of the room in which they were , facing the street . i assure you . ’ ” audience , in his gascon imagination , depended his future life , he saluted aramis and porthos politely , declaring that	53.976409912109375
he would not resume the game until he should be prepared to play with them on more equal terms , and went and took his place near the cord and in the gallery . existed , was buried in this corner . , as much as to say he did not understand french , and d ’ artagnan tried to make him comprehend by signs and gestures . , or rather has been in his youth , a <unk> , ” resumed the stranger , continuing the remarks he had begun , and addressing himself to his auditors at the window , without paying the least attention to the <unk> of d ’ artagnan , who , however , placed himself between him and them . provided you	39.706520080566406
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund . , must be , since the husband of the son ’ s mother is . ” athos , pointing to the bodies which lay under the wall of the bastion , “ take those gentlemen , set them up against the wall , put their hats upon their heads , and their guns in their hands . ” be a <unk> on my name and my honor . ” m. deschamps . ” ! ” one hat on his head and the other in his hand ; and he and his companion resumed their walk toward the convent . the skiff , and sat down in the stern sheets , with	41.93820571899414
the order that he be put ashore at la canebière . , ” answered aramis ; and they all laughed so heartily that the host appeared in order to inquire whether the gentlemen wanted anything ; he thought they were fighting . we offer them double that we shall not procure a carriage . ” you think of her ? ” to dismiss the fellow ; porthos was of the opinion that he should give him a good <unk> first ; and aramis contended that a master should never attend to anything but the civilities paid to him . is , morrel , i was thinking that i too am weary of life , and since an opportunity presents <unk> ” , a house of mourning , ”	87.81925201416016
said valentine ; “ speak , maximilian , although the cup of sorrow seems already full . ” piercing my brain . circumstance at least , his painful past gave to his countenance an indelible sadness , and the <unk> of gayety seen beneath this cloud were indeed but <unk> . of our equipage , by tomorrow it might be too late . ” and should we meet with one of your patrol we must defend ourselves . ” edmond , “ to think that in half an hour i could join her , did i not fear being questioned , detected , and conveyed back to marseilles ! was melancholy . , ” said louis , smiling in a manner which proved that all these questions were	80.50797271728516
not made without a motive ; “ i forgot you and m. noirtier are not on the best terms possible , and that is another sacrifice made to the royal cause , and for which you should be recompensed . ” , opening his great wondering eyes . dear monsieur d ’ artagnan , that if i had obtained them from any other source , or if they had been confided to me , there exists no confessor more discreet than myself . ” you really are ? ” presented himself at the already opened carriage door , and held out his hand to a young woman , completely enveloped in a green silk mantle heavily embroidered with gold . my lord , ” said felton ; “	53.73835754394531
the circumstances are more serious than you perhaps believe . ” was wrapped a new-born child . a noise , ” she said ; “ leave me . ” knew the name of the person to whom it was addressed , ” said villefort . took the precaution of drawing out your money the day before yesterday ; it is not long ago , you see , and i was in continual expectation of being called on to deliver up my accounts . and it was he who taught me to lay a snare and ground a line . herself , ” said d ’ artagnan . giant took up these two articles , and without any apparent effort produced in them the <unk> suggested by his companion	69.4771728515625
. hands ; and then , ashamed of having been betrayed into such a demonstration of joy , she half turned away and bent over a vase of roses , as if to inhale their odor . the count , smiling . is a dead man ! ” cried raoul , for it was in fact he , who , feeling himself pressed and almost crushed by a gigantic citizen , pricked him with the point of his sword and sent him howling back . i felt my legs fail me ; i sought for a reply , but could find <unk> was silent . you want ? ” you speaking , dear constance ? ” will find a wounded man , now being attended by our servants	56.07491683959961
, who has asked the assistance of a minister of god . ” ; is there anything that i can do for you ? ” the château at the same time , but he was not wicked , he was only a poor mad priest . ” put me to inconvenience ; if i want money i can send for some to any of my <unk> ; at bracieux alone , i have twenty thousand francs in gold . ” know that it was inhabited by a young man ? ” milady to the paper , he read : “ ‘ order to <unk> ’ the name is blank , ” interrupted lord de winter . in vain to shake off the heavy darkness of the sleep from	44.23834991455078
which i could not rouse myself . ; but , my dear friend , i have one thing to confess to you . ” to leave blaisois and grimaud at compiegne with the horses , resolved to take post horses ; and having snatched a hasty dinner they continued their journey to louvres . no heed to this explanation of her lover ’ s arrest . , ” said the <unk> “ i may call you so since we have really been friends for the last eleven <unk> discovery of this secret has been occasioned by a great event which you must never know . it , excepting that , although daylight had disappeared , it was not lighted , and everything in it was old-fashioned , while	74.55227661132812
the rest of the rooms had been <unk> . judge in his own cause , monsieur , and will believe what he will say . ” may change you . now ? ” ; but they are on the track . ” both sitting at table together under an arbor at père pamphile ’ s the evening before the day fixed for my wedding . was to come . t know what prevents me from exterminating you all . ” you can find out , ” said d ’ artagnan . ; monsieur d ’ artagnan belongs to the service ; monsieur d ’ artagnan makes it his business to defend the cardinal , who pays him , as much as we make it ours , we citizens	49.78340530395508
, to attack him , whom he robs . ” is now my turn to dress myself . ’ city being formed by the city itself , nothing threatening presented itself to disturb this concert of universal hatred or <unk> the frequent <unk> of <unk> lips . hear , bowed to his mother , and quitted her . ” replied grimaud . and instructions were given him . ” by your steward . , ” replied the count . “ listen , morrel , i see your grief is great , but still you do not like to risk your <unk> ” morrel smiled sadly . conceal your journey from me , and yet i knew of your arrival half an hour after you had passed the barrier	73.71745300292969
. of triumph , offered the paper to dantès , who this time read the following words , traced with an ink of a reddish color resembling rust : said the young man , “ the difference between our respective stations makes me fear to offend you by speaking of my love , but yet i can not find myself in your presence without longing to pour forth my soul , and tell you how fondly i adore you . . ” ” cried athos . speaking to you , and pretends that you will be very glad to see him . ” countersigned , ” said the latter . drawing-room when the study is so comfortable ? ” ! ” cried the young man , whose <unk>	48.896446228027344
breath at times , when his head went under water , under the wave , exhaled and made the icy waters <unk> . said aramis , “ but i understand neither the noise nor the cry of pain . ” door , the coachman was on the box , and a police officer sat beside him . sure , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ unless , forsooth , the sky rains friends upon him . ” ” said she . his business a week ago to a confectioner from paris , an invalid , ordered country air for his health . ” athos , it may easily be understood that the young man was not very uneasy about porthos . which dantès , excited by the	58.569034576416016
feeling of freedom , continued to cleave the waves . mean ? ” replied monte cristo , with bitter irony ; “ since we are recalling names , let us remember them all. ” monte cristo had pronounced the name of fernand with such an expression of hatred that mercédès felt a thrill of horror run through every vein . that gentleman against whom you had the audacity , about twelve days ago , to make an accusation of passing false money ? ” ” , however terrible it may be , which can authorize a creature of god to inflict death upon himself . of <unk> ” hour , an hour and a half elapsed , and during this period of anguish , edmond leaned over his	82.80213165283203
friend , his hand applied to his heart , and felt the body gradually grow cold , and the heart ’ s pulsation become more and more deep and dull , until at length it stopped ; the last movement of the heart ceased , the face became livid , the eyes remained open , but the eyeballs were glazed . time had elapsed since the death of poor valentine , and the gloom which overshadowed the house was so recent , that no one wondered to see the father so absorbed in his professional duties , which were the only means he had of dissipating his grief . i am a living being , and not a <unk> man , and not a volume . we have	93.97307586669922
already said , occupied apartments wholly unconnected with those of the count . ; he cocked his gun and laid it beside him . may be expected to leave me a widow , any hour , ” continued she , throwing a significant glance at porthos . all is settled ; you are to set off , ” said the cardinal . me , ” said monte cristo , “ and i must begin by asking your pardon for what i am about to say , that if m. noirtier disinherits mademoiselle de villefort because she is going to marry a man whose father he detested , he can not have the same cause of complaint against this dear edward . ” going to do in paris ?	46.9984016418457
” little frequented , but of which the host is entirely devoted to me . said porthos . you do not say so to tranquillize my fears ? taste in your theological style . quickly , and come up to me , ” said andrea to his groom . franz , let us talk of something else . to the scaffold , ” resumed the <unk> “ oh , my lord ! . me , i should have been incapable of it , ” said château-renaud , with most significant coolness . is coming toward us , ” said chatillon . ” said athos , offering his hand to d ’ artagnan . to the customs officers of the coast ; and as there was between these worthies	36.697357177734375
and himself a perpetual battle of wits , he had at first thought that dantès might be an emissary of these industrious guardians of rights and duties , who perhaps employed this ingenious means of learning some of the secrets of his trade . milady , who , having entered this track , and perceiving that falsehood succeeded , was determined to follow it to the end . as <unk> raised the fish by the <unk> , you must pull him into the room , taking care to squeeze him so tight that he can ’ t cry out . ” of us in this country , for each must think about his own affairs . of the fox , in the rue du <unk> colombier , a	87.65470886230469
tavern known for many years by athos , and asked for two bedrooms . , read <unk> , and speculate at cards , since she can no longer do so on the bourse . ” , my fortune is made if i only reach the tuileries the first , for the king will not forget the service i do him . ” . we will execute them . ” 1815 . ” way ; employ me even actively , but let it be on the high roads . ” you are going to know me . ” the four friends were all assembled with athos . and was gazing on his dead relative with an expression of malignant hatred . play the part in france that cromwell plays	69.16352081298828
in england ? ” not a foreigner ! . ” . ” said he . you that , ” replied the inspector ; “ i can only promise to examine into your case . ” ; they can even explain the marvellous by an algebraic calculation they have invented ; but i , who only understand my own figures , know nothing more than that one day these figures deceived me . ? ” always finds <unk> , go where he will . a thousand times ! that you can do with most project gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement . excellency like to hear ? ” this , and expect me the 21st of may at the same hour in	46.591796875
the forenoon . ” too soon , count , ” said he , “ but i frankly acknowledge that i have not closed my eyes all night , nor has anyone in my house . so grand , so sublime in the hour of death , meeting his fate with a smile of resignation on his lips , now in that gloomy hour wiped away a tear which had fallen on the table and <unk> on the gold embroidered cloth . with the most exquisite sweetness and politeness , madame de morcerf replied : ’ avrigny with astonishment , kissed her grandfather on the forehead , and left the room . ” grammont is right ; this will change the aspect of french affairs , but i much	58.63970947265625
fear it will do nothing for english , even if it does not harm them . wife . ” , exchanging charming smiles . prison rules , and prisoners must not even ask for it . ” as hazardous as uncertain , and <unk> me that my scheme is far better than yours . ” upon each other with a fury which however did not exclude a certain degree of method . time of the other cardinal , who was a great nobleman ; but our <unk> ! hold the extreme left , resting on <unk> . leave the chateau ? ” . ” d ’ artagnan , “ you have come off well , ” said he to him ; “ there is your jussac thrust paid	67.3703842163086
for . ; she ground her teeth <unk> ; her eyes followed the motion of the door as it closed behind lord de winter and felton , and the moment she was alone a fresh fit of despair seized her . on me , ” exclaimed de winter ; “ you wring my heart ! ” i particularly recommend to your care planchet , the <unk> of monsieur d ’ artagnan . a mist , a black figure kneeling and buried in a confused mass of white drapery . to the baroness and her daughter , exchanged a parting shake of the hand with debray and the count , and left madame danglars ’ box . speak of ? ” romance , and the world , which delights	56.47142791748047
in romances in yellow covers , strangely mistrusts those which are bound in living parchment , even though they be gilded like yourself . my friend and i , that there was some error of which we were the victims , and that an explanation was called for between his eminence and ourselves . ? ornament of your toilet ? yourself , ” said he to franz , “ with the employment of time and the means of simplifying the summoning your servants ? i shall always choose to remain there . ” ” replied planchet , astonished . the world , ” said aramis and athos at once . said <unk> ‘ good , good ! next time we meet , ” cried chatillon , and he	78.2765884399414
set off , full gallop . the miserable prejudice of respect and fear of kings ; teach your flocks that the queen is a tyrant ; and repeat often and loudly , so that all may know it , that the misfortunes of france are caused by mazarin , her lover and her <unk> ; begin this work to-day , this instant even , and in three days i shall expect the result . sent me . ” ” opened and a man began to sing : ’ artagnan and porthos conducted athos and aramis was the one assigned to them by general cromwell and of which they had taken possession on the previous evening . rich , and your own master ? ’ ” 1 to $	70.20985412597656
5,000 ) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the irs . calmer . tears in their eyes . the gallows hung in the middle of the room , the loop made , and when the duke had cast a glance upon the plate of crawfish , in order to select the finest specimen among them , he looked around for his piece of glass ; it had disappeared . rain and fine weather ; the travelers replied . make a greater display , had that evening borrowed planchet . stifle her , she smiled upon her . ” and he took his sword and cloak . attorney is informed by a friend to the throne and religion that one edmond dantès , second in command	81.91323852539062
on board the _pharaon_ , this day arrived from smyrna , after having touched at naples and porto-ferrajo , is the bearer of a letter from murat to the usurper , and of another letter from the usurper to the bonapartist club in paris . <unk> ! very well that the general was not a man to drown himself in despair , and people do not bathe in the seine in the month of january . the duke turned to d ’ artagnan . eye of your eminence , and if i have the good fortune to conduct myself at the siege in such a manner as merits your attention , then i shall at least leave behind me some brilliant action to justify the protection with which	48.78874206542969
you honor me . be alarmed ; i have been so for many <unk> ” <unk> as she was , the young girl knew that this was an opportunity to leave , and besides , madame de villefort came to her assistance . athos ; “ that does honor to your imagination . ” god forgive me , i have always sought to revenge my illustrious father . or rather the ladies formed a circle , while the gentlemen ( more indifferent to the restraints of what <unk> calls the <unk> <unk> ) commented on the feverish agitation of andrea , on m. danglars ’ riveted attention , eugénie ’ s composure , and the light and sprightly manner in which the baroness treated this important affair .	64.21881866455078
monsieur de <unk> <unk> news there is . ” favor , young man , ” replied m. de tréville , “ but it may not be so far beyond your hopes as you believe , or rather as you appear to believe . all that i wanted , and i will be guided by a <unk> such as you are , ” said he , extending his hand to monte cristo . stairs , upon the most conspicuous door of the corridor , was traced in black ink a gigantic number “ <unk> ” d ’ artagnan knocked , and upon the bidding to come in which came from inside , he entered the chamber . the neighborhood . ” no nabob would have sent me a pair	48.521331787109375
of horses worth 32,000 francs , wearing on their heads four diamonds valued at 5,000 francs each . ” enter with ardor upon a perilous resolution and grow cold as the moment of execution approaches , the duc de beaufort , whose <unk> courage had become a proverb , seemed to push time before him and sought most eagerly to hasten the hour of action . grimaud some indispensable orders . ” his dream . judge , madame ! ” it was terrible to behold the frightful pallor of that woman , the anguish of her look , the trembling of her whole frame . , caderousse . ” a worthy man , as bald as a <unk> . will try , in his turn , to lay	112.25298309326172
hands on us . ” an honest man . ” ’ épinay return ? ” to you , ” added d ’ avrigny , “ to tell you that an attempt has been made to poison her ? ” the old man made a sign that he entertained no doubt upon the subject . , because i had spoken much of you to him , as you may believe ; and in the second , because he delighted to see a <unk> take so lively an interest in his success . ” have still a certain amount of it to expend this evening ? ” received orders to usher him in at once . mazarin , who was in great confusion , to the astonished gaze of aramis	42.527591705322266
. deck , as he always did at an early hour , the patron found dantès leaning against the bulwarks gazing with intense earnestness at a pile of granite rocks , which the rising sun tinged with rosy light . the count , “ your feeble spirit will not even grant me the trial i request ? men already . ” speak , ” he said , softening his stern , <unk> tones , as if he were speaking to a woman . matter ? ” asked aramis . be left to his own free will . caresses , dignities on concini , who ruined her ; the king made vitry marechal of france for an assassination : while i have left in obscurity , in poverty ,	82.699462890625
the noble d ’ artagnan , who saved me ! ” impossible ; there was the evidence of the senses , and ten thousand persons who came to <unk> the testimony . said the general . [ pettifogger ] say about me ? ” son ! ” the affairs of the vessel , and hastened to visit my affianced bride , whom i found more lovely than ever . amidst the smoke the threatening face of louvieres appearing at the window of the second floor . , i tell you at once ; family joys have no charm for me . as our <unk> and <unk> , bless with holy water <unk> , which resemble an infinite number of blessing fingers . , ” he said aloud ,	76.45194244384766
“ may we , that is , my friend and i , depend on having , he his barony , and i my promotion ? ” smaller ones containing various dainties . always as <unk> as you now see him , ” said franz . you won ’ t tell me you don ’ t know aramis ? ” mother . ” matters of taste and colors , ” said rochefort , laughing . stranger was standing up looking towards the shore , and holding a <unk> in his hand . things ! ” said porthos . ? ” in <unk> , one above the other , and which seemed in contrast with the white stones to open their large dark eyes , like those which we see	56.40837097167969
on the faces of the dead . a murmur along the benches , and a second voice , not that of a woman , but a man ’ s , stout and furious , <unk> behind d ’ artagnan . d ’ artagnan ’ s brow . clerk of thomson & french , who had remained motionless in the corner during this scene , in which he had taken no part , except the few words we have mentioned . ” ? ” inquired grimaud . more of the cardinal ’ s guards , no more de <unk> , nor other bloodhounds . , and i did not know what to do with myself ; i was still stupid from our yesterday ’ s <unk> . on the	36.51873779296875
idea that tranquillity was death , and if punishment were the end in view other tortures than death must be invented , he began to reflect on suicide . as that of d ’ artagnan , this indulgence was a light by which he caught a glimpse of a better future . danglars , pale with anger and fear , “ i warn you , when i have the misfortune to meet with a mad dog , i kill it ; and far from thinking myself guilty of a crime , i believe i do society a kindness . man was about to relapse into melancholy , “ let us go out , albert , ” said he ; “ a ride in the wood in the phaeton	81.60529327392578
, or on horseback , will refresh you ; we will then return to breakfast , and you shall attend to your affairs , and i to mine . ” we asked the question , for there is a wounded and dying man who demands the succor of the church . watched their approach from the window . count made a sign to albert and they bowed to the ladies , and took their leave , albert perfectly indifferent to mademoiselle danglars ’ contempt , monte cristo reiterating his advice to madame danglars on the prudence a banker ’ s wife should exercise in providing for the future . days ; i have loved him four years . , and stopped up with vast masses of stone the	57.40830612182617
hole dantès had partly filled in . ” replied raoul ; “ on the contrary , he gained great glory and had the honor of being embraced by his highness , the prince , on the field of battle . ” the real <unk> addresses himself stupidly to the mere individual ? ; only he was engaged with someone and begged danglars to wait for a moment in the drawing-room . sir , ” said buckingham ; “ speak ! ” indeed he . , yet serves occasionally as a refuge for the smugglers and pirates who come from corsica , sardinia , and africa , and if it becomes known that we have been there , we shall have to perform quarantine for six days on our	69.7971420288086
return to leghorn . ” the minister . ” front of him , looking with a kind of involuntary admiration at his handsome face , <unk> both gravity and sweetness of expression . in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance . but showed the paper to dantès . and talked about that <unk> death , and the fatality you mentioned then is the same which has caused the murder of valentine. ” villefort and d ’ avrigny exchanged looks . if i could believe i might trust in your discretion . ” and the excursion a treat . grimaud to recall the past . a man whose victim is likely to escape him ? ’ ‘ i am , ’ said i , ‘	76.46484375
the little abbé who reads _lives of the saints_ , and <unk> judith into <unk> ’ ‘ ah , ah ! society does he belong ? ” wait , for the queen scarcely remained a quarter of an hour with mazarin , but this quarter of an hour of expectation appeared a century to him . but he knew that the wind would drown his voice . is there nothing i can offer you by way of refreshment ? ” survey of the pit , encountered a pale face and threatening eyes , which evidently sought to gain his attention . france to its real master , to him who acquired it , not by purchase , but by right of conquest ; go , sire , not	99.24976348876953
that you incur any risk , for your adversary is powerful enough to show you mercy , but because it would be humiliating for a grandson of saint louis to owe his life to the man of <unk> , <unk> , <unk> ’ tell him this , gérard ; or , rather , tell him nothing . though nature had at least taken compassion on the vigorous frame , nearly bursting with its own strength , the words of morrel were stifled in his throat ; his breast heaved ; the tears , so long rebellious , <unk> from his eyes ; and he threw himself weeping on his knees by the side of the bed . quite the contrary ; but after his illness grace touched him	91.08338928222656
, and he determined to take orders . ” , also , was empty , but the third which he tried was , from the dull sound it gave out , evidently full . breakfast came , therefore , i did not hesitate to eat and drink . you know it ? his hand . you to a room , and to leave you there to talk to me . ” fetch our <unk> , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and when we come back , master mazarin will sign them . ” s all very sensible , athos , ” said d ’ artagnan . porthos , brightening , “ that ’ s well as regards my horse ; but i must have the appointments	34.9968147277832
complete , as they include objects which a musketeer alone can purchase , and which will not amount , besides , to more than three hundred livres . ” fine thrusts at bernajoux . ” appeared in his turn behind his master , with the musketoon on his shoulder , and his head shaking . to a lady recently come from boulogne . ” offered his shoulder to the count , who , this time , leaned upon it as he descended the three steps of the carriage . . for , desired , and coveted , is the life of an artist , free and independent , relying only on my own resources , and <unk> only to myself . marshal de grammont , with a radiant	81.43254852294922
face , “ will your highness permit my son , count de guiche , and his traveling companion , viscount de bragelonne , to come in and give news of the enemy , whom they have found while we were looking for him ? ” ’ artagnan in paris . the case , my dear count : on the contrary . staircase de winter stopped . the world , my lord ! ” cried raoul , feeling an unknown enthusiasm for that young general , who seemed to him so worthy of his <unk> . said athos , “ we are satisfied ; we came here only to express our loyalty and to say that we are at your lordship ’ s service and his most faithful servants	46.212642669677734
. ” what has become of him ? ” , but the man lay on the earth struggling in the agonies of death . soon , and he will only see you to release you from that imprisonment in which your safety required you should be concealed . , how rightly i spoke when i said i required a <unk> to guide me in all my <unk> and doings here . ” nothing remains to me except to <unk> my respectful homage , ” said chatillon , who felt confused and ashamed beneath the stern gaze of athos . announced the closing of the port . i was wrong to caution you ; do not fear , i will bury my grief so deep in my heart ,	68.54940795898438
i will disguise it so , that you shall not even care to sympathize with me . affair ; on their way he <unk> the two magnificent beasts which were being sent to us , and substituted these horrible animals . ” dried sticks and branches with which they made a fire . ; i will take him to his cell . ” confide it to monsieur bonacieux , ” said d ’ artagnan , with <unk> . ” , then , we went away a short distance ; we severed our <unk> with a file the englishman had given us , and swam away . ” : “ go , monsieur , ” he said ; “ ride fast and give this letter to monsieur de grammont	56.20598220825195
. ” to half empty the <unk> , in order that my suspicions might not be noticed . come , my dear father , ” said gérard , drawing closer to m. noirtier , “ do not complain , for it is for you that i came , and my journey will be your salvation . ” ” volunteers , <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> ” required but one hour to take up arms again and one night to reconstruct the barricades . admit that he was indeed awake and that his bloody dream was real . franz ; “ and it is to punish them that duelling is tolerated . ” the letter , “ on thursday next , at from six to seven o ’ clock	66.88015747070312
in the evening , on the road to chaillot , and look carefully into the carriages that pass ; but if you have any consideration for your own life or that of those who love you , do not speak a single word , do not make a movement which may lead anyone to believe you have recognized her who <unk> herself to everything for the sake of seeing you but for an instant . ” up ? ” me ? ” do not conceal myself . ” ? ” asked the father . said monte cristo , coloring , “ allow me to take back that purse ? you really love me ? ” to them his majesty ’ s fixed intention to open the campaign on	36.60066604614258
the first of may , and they must immediately prepare their outfits . ” interrupted monte cristo “ that this took place towards the <unk> ” , inquired if the cardinal was still at the louvre ; he was told that his eminence awaited the orders of his majesty in the business cabinet . . , after having exchanged a cheerful shake of the hand with all his <unk> friends , had surrendered himself to the officer sent to arrest him , merely saying , “ make yourselves quite easy , my good fellows , there is some little mistake to clear up , that ’ s all , depend upon it ; and very likely i may not have to go so far as the prison to	68.37541198730469
effect that . ” in black , with <unk> around his hat , and presented himself at his cousin ’ s with a face made up for the occasion , and which he could alter as might be required . . ; they merely attached a heavy <unk> to the feet , and then threw them into the sea . all , one room , ” continued monte cristo , “ very plain in appearance , hung with red damask , which , i know not why , appeared to me quite dramatic . ” ; her husband is only my brother-in-law , that is , a man whom the ties of social life alone attach to me ; no one then longer needs my useless life .	65.20514678955078
saw at a glance all the advantage to be derived from the love which kitty had just confessed so innocently , or so boldly : the <unk> of letters addressed to the comte de wardes , news on the spot , entrance at all hours into kitty ’ s chamber , which was contiguous to her mistress ’ s . answered the brave man , “ to let the king know that they have not killed me <unk> . amounts to treason . ” ” asked athos . the hall , the thick veil which concealed her face dropped off , and madame danglars was recognized . have a pie supplied you by the new confectioner opposite the castle , and who is no other than noirmont ,	71.71235656738281
your former maitre d ’ hotel . least doubt of your love i would not make it , but you love me , my beautiful mistress , do you not ? ” i have a ring likewise . ” any exaggeration , is your mother really so very much averse to this marriage ? ” passed so closely to the island whose name was so interesting to him , that he had only to leap into the sea and in half an hour be at the promised land . any remark , and believed firmly in her daughter ’ s innocence and fidelity to the paternal roof . la carconte . i stopped the postilion , i spoke to m. de saint-méran , i applied my smelling-salts ;	68.08880615234375
but all was over , and i arrived at aix by the side of a corpse . ” the room without having spoken to the beautiful girl with the soft eyes , who by a strange fancy , although she bore no resemblance , reminded him of his poor little louise , whom he had left in the chateau de la valliere and whom , in the midst of all the party , he had never for one moment quite forgotten . rue des petits champs they were stopped by a second patrol . him well , my <unk> is count de rochefort . ” ’ artagnan . ’ s permission , and left him , promising to call for him at a quarter before eight . else	44.08055877685547
, certainly . ” with a mission from his eminence , cardinal mazarin ? ” , ” said danglars , mentally , “ all has gone as i would have it . , to excuse if you find anything in me too turkish , too italian , or too arabian . you should go that way ? ” you ? ” as able as you are . ” a letter from m. de morcerf , begging me to attend the opera . ” sir ; i am convinced that these gentlemen return your kind wishes and will be delighted to kill you also . she lived as well as she could ; now there were two to be supported , and nothing to live upon . as you	46.511329650878906
did in the old <unk> still , perhaps ; i do nothing else all day . ” ” continued danglars ; “ if we resolve on such a step , it would be much better to take , as i now do , this pen , dip it into this ink , and write with the left hand ( that the writing may not be recognized ) the denunciation we <unk> ” and danglars , uniting practice with theory , wrote with his left hand , and in a writing <unk> from his usual style , and totally unlike it , the following lines , which he handed to fernand , and which fernand read in an undertone : prejudice is forgotten which made the son responsible for	94.5382080078125
the father ’ s actions . all honey , monsieur . ” terrible ! ” and m. de boville retired with this exclamation , after expressing acute sympathy with the father . love me ! ” said the procurator ’ s wife , slowly and sadly . returned , followed by the doctor and other attendants . ; but if your reason for inquiry is that you may procure a window to view it from , you are much too late . ” know in what way m. d ’ épinay can have displeased your father more than any other person ? ” doing here ? ” replied d ’ artagnan . of a cousin , and seat himself every day at a good table ; to smooth	54.412166595458984
the yellow , wrinkled brow of the old procurator ; to pluck the clerks a little by teaching them <unk> , <unk> , and _lansquenet_ , in their utmost nicety , and winning from them , by way of fee for the lesson he would give them in an hour , their <unk> of a <unk> this was enormously delightful to porthos . . you ; an illustrious person awaits you . that he heard a slight noise <unk> timid noise which seemed to tremble lest it should be heard . merit due to me , for we were informed of it . ” to your heart than to your experience , m. bertuccio . ridiculous not to follow his two companions ’ example . athos , with	88.09320831298828
a deep sigh . , my good fellow ; and if it be what i hope , you will do well . ” bears it is too highly favored by heaven to be the father of such a wretch as you . ” sticks and straw , and having filled the chimney with them , set a light to it . to receive you , gentlemen , ” said the servant , who had gone to inquire the pleasure of his mistress . of the aim . ‘ <unk> ’ for nothing , ” observed madame de chevreuse , “ your teeth are terrible . ” , good ! ” said athos . my pistols with the ivory cross . ” and be happy , beloved children of	44.737388610839844
my heart , and never forget that until the day when god shall deign to reveal the future to man , all human wisdom is summed up in these two words , — ‘ <unk> and <unk> ’ —your friend , him inquiringly . what do you require besides the general conditions before recited ? ” : romans ! rode forward and desired the sentinel to call monsieur de villequier . ? ” me ? all doubts with regard to the baldric . danglars , “ since we can not leave this port for the next three months , let us hope that ere the expiration of that period dantès will be set at liberty . ” at greenwich , opposite the isle of dogs , manned by	77.23084259033203
a captain and four men , who for the sum of fifty pounds sterling will keep themselves at our disposition three successive nights . porthos earned by selling straw . young girl ’ s happiness . saw it again , approaching with frightful rapidity . take the time to go and return . ” , took his hat , his pistols , and his cloak , and departed , casting a look of regret upon the couch where he had hoped to sleep so well . count ! ” she exclaimed , as he entered . you have a terrible enemy on your hands . ” ? ” asked villefort ; “ let him be removed from the house , that he may not see—— ” ; i	47.69733810424805
must have been mistaken . ” . ” said andrea . soon , for i shall soon speak out to athos . ” . . ” you do not stay there ! ” to me to be intended to enjoy felicity so unmixed ; happiness is like the enchanted palaces we read of in our childhood , where fierce , fiery dragons defend the entrance and approach ; and monsters of all shapes and kinds , requiring to be overcome ere victory is ours . by you , i would tempt fortune ; you would bring me good luck , and i should become rich . was not quite at ease , excited by its carelessness , at once full of dignity and submission , the admiration of	119.6122817993164
d ’ artagnan , who beheld in these two men <unk> , and in their leader an <unk> jupiter , armed with all his thunders . as to have some particular duty to perform for your eminence , we are ready to obey you . at the door through which mazarin had passed , d ’ artagnan tried in vain to open it , but on the powerful shoulder of porthos being applied to one of the panels , which gave way , d ’ artagnan introduced the point of his sword between the bolt and the staple of the lock . bottom of the valise belonging to the young man a small bag of louis , called olivain , the lackey who had followed him from blois	50.70351028442383
, and made him pack the valise under his own eyes , <unk> to see that everything should be put in which might be useful to a young man entering on his first campaign . d ’ artagnan ; “ nothing , ” and he read , of course he will be set at liberty ; if guilty , why , it is no use involving ourselves in a conspiracy . ” the clock , counting time now not by minutes , but by seconds . , took a bar in his hands , clung to it and bent it like a bow ; so that the two ends came out of the sockets of stone in which for thirty years they had been fixed . . if	71.2028579711914
the whole hostelry had been removed from his breast . them by the sight of the round tower , fort <unk> , the city hall designed by <unk> the port with its <unk> quays , where they had both played in childhood , and it was with one accord that they stopped on the canebière . responded that they would be glad to see the gallows erected ; they would serve for the hanging of those detestable judges who purchased favor at court at the price of the people ’ s misery . sir . ” of it , ” said d ’ artagnan . the host , “ misfortune is coming on our house ; it is the former executioner of bethune . ” dark or light	70.13633728027344
, night as well as day , ” answered mousqueton . , ” cried d ’ artagnan . had delivered her from the hands of the demons who wished to search and ill treat her ; and this important service had established between them one of those sentiments of gratitude which so easily assume a more tender character . years old , who doesn ’ t yet know what he wants ; we have a queen blinded by a belated passion ; we have a minister who <unk> france as he would govern a great <unk> is to say , intent only on turning out all the gold he can by the exercise of italian cunning and invention ; we have princes who set up a personal and	105.57976531982422
<unk> opposition , who will draw from mazarin ’ s hands only a few ingots of gold or some <unk> of power granted as <unk> . disdain , almost of anger , on the count . his eminence , who again enveloped his face in his cloak , and put his horse in motion , keeping from eight to ten paces in advance of his four companions . relative , ” answered the abbé . paris , sir ? ” , then porthos . rich for me , ” replied morcerf , “ and that frightens me . ” allow pure air to <unk> the foul atmosphere , and then went on . to give me up your sword , count . ” world as a witness of	52.73701095581055
your crime , and that until i have found an avenger . ’ dear friend , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i think you said ‘ pardieu ! ’ ” the rooms were splendidly illuminated ; the light streamed forth on the gilt mouldings and the silk hangings ; and all the bad taste of decorations , which had only their richness to boast of , shone in its splendor . ” asked the queen , who did not understand , or rather was not willing to understand . , ” replied the duke , “ and it is the cardinal who has dealt this blow . ” long white beard , but i loved him ; he was sixty years old , but to me	42.88946533203125
he was handsomer than all the fine youths i saw . ” brave fellow , thou <unk> thus to aid me ? ” you <unk> me . ” , but we can not make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states . de villefort entered the drawing-room with her little edward . ” she answered , “ i would rather remain here . ” not go this very instant , i will have you arrested by the queen ’ s orders , and i will have you placed in the bastille which you dread so much . ” said ; “ besides , we shall be there at the time of the flight . it may please the count to take me	37.922245025634766
, ” said morrel , with a smile full of grief ; “ i am under his orders for the next month . ” ” said the swiss . seeing that morrel , still on his knees , had thrown himself into an armchair , he added in a low voice , pressing emmanuel ’ s hand significantly , “ watch over him . ” , ” said mordaunt , advancing a few steps to the door by which he had entered . lovers he had anticipated after the return of madame de saint-méran and the death of the marquis , that something would occur at m. de villefort ’ s in connection with his attachment for valentine . for you to bind yourself by any vow ,	24.813133239746094
’ said he ; ‘ i know and admire the corsican nature too well to fear you . fired , but with no other result than to show the four fugitives turning the corner of the street safe and sound . owes a tribute to his country ; some contribute their talents , others their industry ; these devote their blood , those their nightly labors , to the same cause . ” said d ’ artagnan , and he read : the horse for what he owed us ; he assured me that they were two noble steeds . ” compliments of those who were present in his own way , and whilst the conversation became general he looked earnestly at athos . large ground floor ;	97.47537994384766
a first floor consisted of a salon , a <unk> , and two bedrooms ; near one of the bedrooms they came to a winding staircase that led down to the garden . i will sleep at the _cheval rouge_ , and will secure a place in the first coach . that all ? ” replied buckingham , impatiently . , and placed themselves at table . had come twenty minutes before the time appointed . , and although in the same carriage with château-renaud and albert , he did not hear one word of their conversation . athos , “ i have engaged two of my friends as seconds ; but these two friends are not yet come , at which i am astonished , as it	48.48365783691406
is not at all their custom . ” recommended to them by reports of brilliant victories gained by france ; <unk> , however , were not meat and drink , and the people had for some time been in a state of discontent . him his hand , “ be welcome , my lord , ” said he , “ you are one of us . ” athos , “ perhaps a king should act thus , but not a husband and a father . she is or whither they have conducted her . not dissemble that the oscillation of the tall trees and the reflection of the moon in the dark <unk> gave him serious uneasiness . doubt , bleed him ; therefore i will retire ,	57.63810729980469
for i can not endure the sight of blood ; ” and she followed her husband upstairs . ” said the count ; “ that was the reason of your running away from us . ” the goodness to tell me , in the first place , what crimes are <unk> to me , i will then tell him the deeds i have really done . ” that it is not on account of any intrigues of her own that my wife has been arrested , but because of those of a lady much greater than herself . ” monsieur bonacieux , if i don ’ t stand upon ceremony , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ but nothing makes one so thirsty as want of sleep	43.04510498046875
. saving the king it will be good ; if we die for him it will be grand . ” ” <unk> , as he well knew . relations i have had the happiness to sustain towards you , can it be that you know me so little as to ask such a thing ? he said— “ tell me what you want ? ” said monte cristo “ if he has rendered the state services which merit this distinction ? ” , madame , that i have been drawn into a snare ; i , perhaps , may leave my life in it—for , although it may be strange , i have for some time had a presentiment that i should shortly die. ” and the duke	55.146358489990234
smiled , with a smile at once sad and charming . perugia , and rome . ” not to hinder you , i will get up with you if you please in your carriage , and tom shall follow with my phaeton in <unk> . ” he , “ if monsieur d ’ artagnan will surrender his sword to me and join his word to yours , i shall be satisfied with your promise to convey monsieur d ’ artagnan to the quarters of monseigneur the cardinal . ” matters not , provided only that he has received from holy church the power of <unk> in articulo mortis . ” , that my health is sinking under these excessive struggles and these <unk> labors . decided that the	65.86644744873047
inspector would do nothing until his return to paris , and that he would not reach there until his circuit was finished , he therefore fixed three months ; three months passed away , then six more . life is assured , ” continued caderousse ; “ no doubt fortune and honors have comforted her ; she is rich , a countess , and yet—— ” go to england a second time ; i will go and find buckingham . ” prefect of police to interfere with my private affairs . that eleven crowns was just the sum that remained in d ’ artagnan ’ s purse . go in . ” , ” said the count . of state , ” continued d ’ artagnan , complying	59.1828727722168
with the recommendation . of the story is , ” resumed the abbé , “ that dantès , even in his dying moments , swore by his <unk> <unk> , that he was utterly ignorant of the cause of his detention . ” this gentleman and why do they not bring him here ? ” ” . soldier ’ s passive obedience . the idea which had occurred to her that this might be her old chambermaid . himself ? ” villefort ; at the gate of the cemetery morrel made an excuse to wait ; he saw franz and m. de villefort get into the same <unk> , and thought this meeting <unk> evil . him escape ! ” said a loud voice . . ” cried	47.21974563598633
albert , without giving monte cristo the time to reply . a dying man are sacred ; but with a sailor the last requests of his superior are commands . bridle of his horse into the hands of a peasant , remounted the steps , went into the cathedral , there to kneel down in the darkest corner and pray . said athos . up . arms nor password , we <unk> ’ t take fifty steps in the court without knocking against a sentinel . ” me , sir , if you speak to me , as you say , with <unk> then you will do me the honor to esteem the resemblance of our opinions ; but if you have entertained any doubt , as naturally	64.54060363769531
you may , i feel that i am ruining myself by speaking the truth . ’ artagnan , who embraced her tenderly , with eyes which seemed to burn themselves away . , nor good stomachs their appetites . the cardinal looked at himself in the glass with a feeling of self-satisfaction . when he should make a soldier of the viscount , had inured him to all kinds of <unk> undertakings . you had made me forget all that , dear constance ! the king , mechanically ; “ yes , certainly i know that name . ” . be lost . some concession from a man ’ s self-love , you must avoid even the appearance of wishing to wound it . ” the baron come	66.83890533447266
himself ? ” demanded buckingham . have said , was dead . radiant , was he not ? ” plainly enough we are going to the bastion . ” he exclaimed , “ thy vengeance is sometimes delayed , but only that it may fall the more <unk> ” ali looked at his master for further instructions . every place for grimaud , they took a crossroad which conducted the little troop by the bank of a small stream flowing into the lys . <unk> at that ceremony and that planchet should furnish the <unk> sugar <unk> . army on board it is not here that it is hidden . monte cristo , turning round , saw albert , pale and trembling , followed by beauchamp and château-renaud	67.08562469482422
. the musketeer swear , wished to escape from the cloak , which blinded him , and sought to find his way from under the folds of it . _moccoli_ , are one of the episodes peculiar to the last days of the carnival . when he sends for you , you must let me put on your clothes ; i will go in your stead ; i will strangle him , and upon my honor , if that is made a condition i will return to prison . ” a single word . the <unk> get good <unk> rum over there . ” he had under his touch his books and arms , his eyes rested upon his favorite pictures ; his dogs , whose caresses he	76.48979187011719
loved , welcomed him in the antechamber ; the birds , whose songs delighted him , cheered him with their music ; and the house , awakened from its long sleep , like the sleeping beauty in the wood , lived , sang , and bloomed like the houses we have long cherished , and in which , when we are forced to leave them , we leave a part of our souls . message to say , that , though the duchess had not the honor of knowing monsieur de la fere , she would receive him . ’ s conventional abode , or rather <unk> ; it contained a few poor articles of household <unk> bed , a table , two chairs , a stone <unk>	77.92176055908203
some dry herbs , hung up to the ceiling , which the count recognized as sweet <unk> , and of which the good man was preserving the seeds ; he had <unk> them with as much care as if he had been master <unk> in the jardin des plantes . , a part he was playing ? ” day he had accomplished what his more <unk> companion would have taken weeks to effect . aiguillon ? ” ” good parry , i am listening . ” about to leave paris ; he was going to his banker . ” that monsieur de mazarin thinks of cutting off our heads , for heads are not taken off without previous trial ; a trial would make a noise , and	68.31443786621094
a noise would get the attention of our friends , who would check the operations of monsieur de mazarin . ” small staff . you to come to the palace . inquired , “ have you any relations ? ” surrounded with unknown dangers into which i was about to fall at every instant . the old man . pale but nevertheless still splendid , was setting in the horizon , <unk> at once the heavens and the sea with bands of fire , and casting upon the towers and the old houses of the city a last ray of gold which made the windows sparkle like the reflection of a <unk> . ” god , no , —my papers are all in capital order , because i	67.26651000976562
have none ; but m. cavalcanti ’ s . ” . have , reverend sir ! ” said caderousse , <unk> his arm , all <unk> by the fleshy pincers which had held it ; “ what a wrist ! ” beggar , as i have said , my lord , who asks for alms , as he gives holy water ; a practice he has carried on for six years on the steps of st. eustache . ” to be enjoyed in his forthcoming <unk> bright , pure gleam of heavenly happiness it diffused over the almost deadly <unk> in which he had voluntarily engaged , illumined his whole countenance with a look of ineffable joy and calmness , as , immediately after villefort ’ s departure	88.04718017578125
, his thoughts flew back to the cheering prospect before him , of tasting , at least , a brief respite from the fierce and stormy passions of his mind . , also , that the house of thomson & french have constantly denied having rendered you this service ? ” not hungry ? ” said the young man . sorcerers nowadays . ” glass touched her lips , her hand remained suspended ; she heard something on the road which sounded like the rattling of a distant gallop . felton , and you will have saved my honor ! ” but he excused himself on account of madame de morcerf being obliged to go to dieppe for the benefit of sea air . ” to none but	73.89176177978516
the king , monsieur , ” said anne . day their tongues were loosened ; with the sun gaiety revived . the plan , gentlemen ? ” seen this ring on the finger of milady ; it was a magnificent sapphire , encircled with brilliants . and <unk> the lamp on the staircase <unk> that in the room . darling child , valentine ! by and a bridge across it . ” returned mazarin , “ prudence is a fine thing , but to-day you might regret having been too prudent . ” , m. franz , ” cried albert , “ you deserve to be called out for such a misgiving and incredulous glance as that you were pleased to bestow on me just now . ”	65.56024932861328
” word , “ hanged ! ” the king was invited to come and see the hanging . time , madame , ” said the procureur , describing a <unk> with his chair , so as to place himself exactly opposite to madame danglars , — “ it is a long time since i had the pleasure of speaking alone with you , and i regret that we have only now met to enter upon a painful conversation . ” hear of anything very <unk> ” porthos . she ; “ i yield to your protestations , i yield to your assurances . the trouble , excellency , ” returned signor pastrini , with the smile peculiar to the italian speculator when he <unk> defeat ; “ i	43.17852020263672
will do all i can , and i hope you will be satisfied . ” , that sum ? ” excuse : advancement , the opening campaign , the opportunity which i offer <unk> much for the world . as he had stated , but the next morning , the count of monte cristo went out by the barrière d ’ enfer , taking the road to <unk> . . ” of most splendid fruit ; there were sicily <unk> , <unk> from malaga , <unk> from the <unk> <unk> , peaches from france , and dates from tunis . fifty , sixty-five men , ” said porthos , counting the <unk> . influence you , because it is only my own personal impression . ” s arrest	59.85569381713867
as a bonapartist agent was not slow in <unk> throughout the city . cried aramis , eagerly . at each other and smiled ; they understood without speaking , their organizations were so delicate and sympathetic . the banks of the loire , he might have been said to have been <unk> on its waves ; a hundred times he had crossed it on horseback , a thousand times had swum across . ? ” said d ’ artagnan . ” said the king , retiring , “ that is well ; i count upon it . ” which athos possessed , concealed as it was , so skillfully , seemed to show a regard for appearances and to betray a <unk> ambition which might be easily aroused	58.83310317993164
. , who have passed twenty years between life and death ? ” replied franz , “ that we will do ourselves the pleasure of calling on him . ” i thought i had already told you , that in participation in this world ’ s affairs , more especially in their moral <unk> , the count of monte cristo has never ceased to entertain the scruples and even the superstitions of the east . , though , for an old and thin man , ” said one , as he raised the head . was proof of a reflective and contemplative organization , and he had brought him away without any other recommendation . artagnan , your opinion is mine , ” cried athos , “ besides	45.382083892822266
, we must be consistent ; i am going to take the waters , you will accompany me . mercédès , “ but i have seen him whom i loved on the point of murdering my son . ” friend , porthos uttered a loud cry of joy ; and mousqueton , rising respectfully , yielded his place to him , and went to give an eye to the two stewpans , of which he appeared to have the particular inspection . my lord ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , surprised . you from letting me know the second reason ? ” forth one of the party stationed in the balcony on the lookout . , and that is all i want . it is truly ,	37.27381896972656
” said the italian , looking on with astonishment . me to say . ” gray head ; torn and filthy garments covered his large bony limbs , which seemed as though , like those of a skeleton , they would rattle as he walked ; and the hand with which he leaned upon the young man ’ s shoulder , and which was the first thing andrea saw , seemed of gigantic size . <unk> the castle of bragelonne , in the environs of that city . ” ’ s carriage , which in the course of a few minutes deposited them safely at no . interesting myself for one who is so beautiful and so amiable ? armchairs , adorned with a carved shield , on	52.84385299682617
which were engraved the <unk> of france on an azure field , evidently came from the louvre , or , at least , some royal residence . , ” said athos . man who has such views will never allow himself to be taken , or if taken , will undergo martyrdom rather than speak . ” time raised his expansive brow ; a flash kindled in his eyes , and a bitter smile passed over his lips , then , like his comrades , he sank again into reverie . great matter that was under discussion , connected with a vessel laden with turkey carpets , stuffs of the levant , and <unk> . another service , ” said athos , shocked that the queen did not	79.8684310913086
seem to recognize him . know nothing , as yet ; when you have finished your story , god and i will judge . ” marry mademoiselle danglars ? ” am pursued ! ” said andrea , clasping his hands . of anne of austria was great when it was announced to them that the city , which the previous evening they had left entirely tranquil , had awakened to such feverish commotion ; nor would either the one or the other believe the reports that were brought to them , declaring they would rather rely on the evidence of their own eyes and ears . door opened ; i was lying on the floor , for my strength began to abandon me . ? , madame ,	52.925357818603516
” replied villefort , “ to add my earnest request to mademoiselle de saint-méran ’ s , that you will kindly allow the veil of oblivion to cover and conceal the past . artagnan thought that parry ’ s brother had disappeared ; but he was mistaken . more speedy , you are to be saved ; if the satellites of the cardinal , you are lost . ” man of foresight and prudence , therefore you sent your luggage on before you . see you again , my dear edmond . creaked and a man appeared in the dress of a cavalier , wrapped in a brown cloak , with a lantern in one hand and a large beaver hat pulled down over his eyes . on	54.33403396606445
, and began again to dig . , ” said bertuccio . otherwise , my dear bonacieux ? ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ trust me , i am fully grateful for such unparalleled conduct , and if , as i told you , i can be of any service to you— ” he said , “ with that light dress , and without anything to cover you but that gauze scarf , perhaps you feel cold ? ” bearing , pricked by danglars , as the bull is by the <unk> , was about to rush out ; for he had risen from his seat , and seemed to be collecting himself to dash headlong upon his rival , when mercédès , smiling and graceful ,	63.92744064331055
lifted up her lovely head , and looked at them with her clear and bright eyes . lose . the servant , announcing two fresh guests . expiation . it is useless , ” stammered m. de villefort in a hoarse voice ; “ no , it is useless ! ” them , sire ; but i leave your majesty to judge what five armed men could possibly be going to do in such a deserted place as the neighborhood of the convent des carmes . ” d ’ artagnan may not have betrayed us to the cardinal ? , and morrel came no more ; he had done all that was in his power , and any fresh attempt would only compromise himself uselessly . you ,	56.15385055541992
do young and strong men die in prison , when they have scarcely numbered their <unk> year , unless it be of imprisonment ? ” caderousse wiped away the large beads of perspiration that gathered on his brow . ! ” he felt that the hour was drawing near , he wished for solitude , his agitation was extreme ; a simple question from a friend would have irritated him . with the same advantages , ” said d ’ artagnan , in a tone of raillery ; “ for when you meet me again you will perhaps be alone and there will be daylight . ” me , but he is one of those known , i believe , to the cavalier of whom your majesty did	78.50145721435547
me the honor to speak . ” ! , captain ? was visible around the mouth , and he breathed painfully , and with extreme difficulty . spite of your silence . we are enveloped in a network of spies . gave egress from the <unk> space we have been describing into the projected street , the ground having been abandoned as <unk> by its various <unk> , and had now fallen so completely in general estimation as to return not even the one-half per cent it had originally paid . of his funeral , and a few small debts the poor old man had contracted . at that his mind , generally so courageous , but now disturbed by the two strongest human passions , love and	112.81082153320312
fear , was weakened even to the indulgence of superstitious thoughts . if poisons acted equally , and with the same effect , on men of the north as on men of the south ; and you answered me that the cold and sluggish habits of the north did not present the same aptitude as the rich and energetic temperaments of the natives of the south . ” moment and then , seeing the cautious demeanor of the musketeer : who travels for his pleasure . ” my eyes shut . ” , to come here , and to run ! , his life must have become a hateful burden , nor would he have participated in your griefs . d ’ if with the round , open	98.1363296508789
, smiling face of a young and happy man , with whom the early paths of life have been smooth , and who anticipates a future corresponding with his past . lord , i am to be taken back to the bastile . ” understand , sir , i will go no farther unless you tell me whither you are taking me . ” gascon answered ; “ athos ! at all , let it be on her voice , at least , ” said monte cristo . he said to himself , “ what chateau ? of horror and rushed toward the gibbet , which he broke at once and threw the pieces out of the window . now come and addressed his neighbor : “ it	51.82356643676758
is not astonishing that that young man should be afraid of a ball , for he is doubtless a musketeer apprentice . ” those who think that the necessary silence of the night brings counsel with it . ” said monte cristo , with a calmness which contrasted strangely with the young man ’ s excitement ; “ yes , i would do so . ” was in india with zaccone . ” go forward ; and he went . . ” d ’ artagnan lowered his . and despair at the same time ? ” said a voice that seemed to come from beneath the earth , and , deadened by the distance , sounded hollow and sepulchral in the young man ’ s ears . drew	41.24225616455078
near . weapon which despair has placed within the reach of every creature who has the courage to use it . of it . ” , who was now immensely rich , and had <unk> under great obligations to morrel in former days , since to him it was owing that danglars entered the service of the spanish banker , with whom he had laid the foundations of his vast wealth . for franz to do but to take up his hat , open the door of the box , and offer the countess his arm . to ascertain if the letter had been opened , or if any indiscreet eyes had seen its contents ; but it was so carefully folded , that no one could have	81.8166275024414
read it , and the seal was perfect . to this marriage , and i should not be at all surprised if what we have just seen and heard is nothing but the execution of a plan concerted between them . ” a sudden force ; they heard the hissing of the scimitar and the cry of the victim , then a <unk> mass sank beneath the blow . fell ill and died . to hide the ball under his <unk> and as soon as the door was closed he tore off the cover of the ball with his teeth and found underneath the following letter : ; and the duke put the quill to the paper . three millions for our police ; it is true they	68.27174377441406
are almost always spent beforehand , but , no matter , we shall still have fifty thousand francs to spend for this purpose . ” honors of the quadrille , and if she were envious of the count of san-felice ’ s daughter , we will not undertake to say that carmela was not jealous of her . you have been freed from confinement ? ” you , count , ” said danglars , “ that i have hitherto imagined myself acquainted with the degree of all the great fortunes of europe , and still wealth such as yours has been wholly unknown to me . noise of a door , turning on its hinges , made me start . athos , as soon as they were again	44.753787994384766
in motion , “ reduced to two masters and grimaud and planchet ! he was going away . , d ’ artagnan perceived that the two soldiers had disappeared . longer in possession of your senses ? valentine ; “ who could desire my death ? ” , ” replied d ’ artagnan . when the count arrived , having gazed at him with all their eyes , retired after that reasonable delay which politeness <unk> and curiosity requires . , shall we not ? ” said albert to the count . the table and took the second glass . . ” it will be time to act . ” , obeyed in silence ; the poor lad had nearly come to the pass of forgetting how to	45.977237701416016
speak . right . , the coachman and footman had put on their livery over their disguises , which gave them a more ridiculous appearance than ever , and which gained them the applause of franz and albert . , i live among those who are much occupied in them . much suspicion , and the young man being no other than andrea , the commissary and gendarme , who was a brigadier , directed their steps towards his room . caught the next soldier by his neck , gagged him and pushed him like a <unk> through the bars into the room , and entered after him . follow me ; you will not watch me ? ” business of a tailor ? ” . name—— ”	69.43183135986328
of the day my story <unk> king , louis xiv. , then ten years of age , went in state , under pretext of returning thanks for his recovery from the small-pox , to notre dame . three thousand lire , and three thousand lire are a fortune for two poor orphans who are going to be married . received , in a cradle , a beautiful little boy three months old , with a purse filled with gold and a note containing these simple words : ‘ 11 october , 1633 . ’ ” side longer and more tender than they had been on the <unk> that m. d ’ artagnan did not love his son , who was his only offspring , but m. d ’	81.66847229003906
artagnan was a man , and he would have considered it unworthy of a man to give way to his feelings ; whereas mme . la valette , what do you say of him ? before the poisoner would have alarmed her less . immediately upon <unk> his house , informed his wife of his happy return , and his wife had replied by congratulating him , and telling him that the first moment she could steal from her duties should be devoted to paying him a visit . , ” said porthos , disengaging his arm from that of the procurator ’ s wife ; “ for if you are rich , madame coquenard , then there is no excuse for your refusal . ” <unk> at	58.70010757446289
the height of one foot . well know . kitty for the second time . him to paris ? enter , ” said the queen . himself by the arm of the chair . morrel , “ will the house of thomson & french consent ? ” of prison and find in all italy a <unk> courageous enough to publish what i have composed , my literary reputation is forever secured . ” villefort , “ i must ! ” go , ” said the marquis . ghosts , and i have never heard it said that so much harm had been done by the dead during six thousand years as is wrought by the living in a single day . albert— “ <unk> is he ? ”	67.77420806884766
. ” said luigi , ‘ yesterday evening you told me you would give all the world to have a costume similar to that of the count ’ s daughter . ’ as anxious to learn news of grimaud , mousqueton , and bazin as i am to know what has become of athos , porthos , and aramis ? ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ the honor of no one will have cause to complain of what i have to tell . ” they are waiting for the cardinal , or rather for bernouin , who comes to call them when the cardinal goes out . ” emissaries of the cardinal in the uniform of musketeers . . ” young man . where the most beautiful	33.4259147644043
and active of the frondists was at midnight ? , and while the most part of the english had quit , or were about to quit , france on account of the war , milady had just been laying out much money upon her residence ; which proved that the general measure which drove the english from france did not affect her . chapter 99 . fere himself . ” provided this war were approved of by the church and would advance the end i wish to <unk> mean , the remission of my sins . ” it . ” her knees , and with her head buried in the cushion of an easy-chair , was valentine , trembling and sobbing , her hands extended above her head	75.47327423095703
, clasped and stiff . ” he in a solemn tone , “ i consider your glove thrown , and will return it to you wrapped around a bullet . iron mallet and knocked thrice , every blow seeming to dantès as if struck on his heart . ” large easy-chair , her head supported by her hand , her elbow resting on a table , was looking at her son , who was turning over the leaves of a large book filled with pictures . , but she did not answer . dear , keep it . ” , will you consent to tell your name ? ” said the president . musketeers , d ’ artagnan felt completely solitary . continued superiority of athos over himself	58.37456130981445
, devoid as he was of that jealousy which might have <unk> a less generous disposition ; he was delighted also that the high qualities of athos appeared to promise favorably for his mission . don ’ t say much about ; but seven in two days , i repeat , it is too many , it is far too many ! ” into the citadel st. martin with his garrison , and threw a hundred men into a little fort called the fort of la prée . interrogative eye said , “ which ? ” <unk> buffet on the shoulder , and as they had reached the station where they were to breakfast , the conversation ended there . the steward with a strange expression . grimaud	71.51232147216797
. groups , according to their fancy , lying in their <unk> , or with their backs against a sort of stone bench , which went all round the columbarium , were to be seen twenty brigands or more , each having his carbine within reach . he said ; “ i have my conditions to impose . in vain to grant us this favor , but the whole affair has had a mysterious meaning that we can not <unk> have been guided by an invisible hand , —a hand as powerful as that of an enchanter . ” she , “ you could <unk> one of the chestnut-trees in the tuileries inside ! anyone in the world , i shall be lost , and perhaps yourself likewise	79.50619506835938
. ” the brigadier . is an excellent fellow , and we must not leave him . tent , reclining on a truss of hay , of which his horse stole some mouthfuls ; the young man ’ s eyes were red and he seemed dejected . , my friend that we were right in what we did . please , till i have finished speaking , ” replied monte cristo . , even then , and made them fly before him ! aramis , “ he has not seen us . length of the faubourg saint antoine and of the road to vincennes , and soon found themselves out of the town , then in a forest and then within sight of a village . rochefort cast	42.643409729003906
a glance toward mazarin , which was answered by one , equally furtive , from the minister . his beard to grow ; his head fell on his shoulder , his legs bent beneath him , and his movements were apparently <unk> and unconscious . the curiosity , when you have landed and found this island deserted , to seek for this enchanted palace ? ” was by nature very <unk> people generally are who possess the genius of <unk> all he could to make out who athos , porthos , and aramis really were ( for under these pseudonyms each of these young men concealed his family name ) —athos in particular , who , a league away , <unk> of nobility . results of your quarrel	136.1835174560547
? ” said the cardinal , knitting his brow . surprised at my detention , ” murmured dantès , “ since my only protector is removed . ” he , in a tone strangely firm for a servant speaking to his masters under such solemn circumstances , — “ gentlemen , m. noirtier de villefort wishes to speak immediately to m. franz de quesnel , baron d ’ <unk> ” he , as well as the notary , that there might be no mistake in the person , gave all his titles to the bridegroom elect . messenger ? ” space traversed , of the rolling of a carriage , of a horrible dream in which my strength had become exhausted ; but all this was so dark	65.21067810058594
and so indistinct in my mind that these events seemed to belong to another life than mine , and yet mixed with mine in fantastic <unk> . , or of the <unk> ? ” know that some time after edmond ’ s arrest , he married mademoiselle de saint-méran , and soon after left marseilles ; no doubt he has been as lucky as the rest ; no doubt he is as rich as danglars , as high in station as fernand . , thanks ! ” cried morrel gratefully ; “ take it—take it ; and if you can find another employer , enter his service ; you are free to do so . ” ! ” he said to the sergeant , “ i believe you	67.16487884521484
are impudent to me ! till you are alone . , ” said kitty ; “ your son was the only heir of his uncle , and until his majority you would have had the enjoyment of his fortune . ” was i not accessory to his death by my <unk> insensibility , by my contempt for him , not remembering , or not willing to remember , that it was for my sake he had become a traitor and a <unk> ? rochellais . ” . ” but it would have been difficult to say whether joy or the onions produced the greatest effect on the lachrymal <unk> of the old innkeeper of the <unk> . be upon his guard if the letter should reach him ;	73.4886245727539
and even if it should fall into the hands of the cardinal , we shall not be compromised . because there were too many good things . ” appointments are all made for eleven o ’ clock , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ that ’ s a settled custom . ” , my dear count , that i would not for one moment admit of such a proposition . ” like the other fellow better than this one , ” said mazarin to himself , and he threw himself back in his carriage . proved to be as we had supposed ; there was a mistake . board , and had the sailors possessed the right of selecting a captain themselves , i feel convinced their	47.769920349121094
choice would have fallen on me . resumed the abbess , “ monsieur cardinal has perhaps plausible motives for acting thus ; and though she has the look of an angel , we must not always judge people by the appearance . ” accompany me to the opera ; and if you can , bring château-renaud with you . ” against the mantelpiece ; a table was between him and d ’ artagnan . as if the reproach had not been addressed to him . exclaimed julie ; “ do you leave us thus , so suddenly , without any preparations for your journey , without even a passport ? ” exclaimed , “ the scotch i called ‘ my faithful , ’ to whom i trusted myself	59.05950927734375
when i could have fled to oxford ! albert , in a low tone to monte cristo , “ do allow the signora to tell me something of her history . fact , ” said monte cristo , approaching , “ i am much afraid that i am the involuntary cause of his absence . ” state prison like this , that persons are stationed outside the doors of the cells purposely to overhear the conversation of the prisoners . ” about some thing . ” ” successful ? ” tréville , “ as i told you , monsieur d ’ artagnan is little more than a boy ; and as he has not the honor of being a musketeer , he was dressed as a citizen .	34.18428039550781
. said felton , “ the baron de winter wrote to you the other day to request you to sign an order of embarkation relative to a young woman named charlotte backson . ” , then shook his head , and recommended prudence to him with a shade of bitterness . there surprising in that ? followed the twenty mourning-coaches , and behind them more than five hundred persons joined in the procession on foot . . ” said caderousse with a shudder ; ‘ why , that he might not have the trouble of returning to beaucaire . ’ to the salon , and deposited them on a sofa . in the young man ’ s feelings . mission on earth ; and to fulfil it he	48.272315979003906
begins at the source of life , and goes down to the mysterious darkness of the tomb . impatiently . got to do is to endeavor to repair it . ” somewhat surprised to meet altogether at the door of the hermitage , athos starting out from the pont neuf , porthos by the rue de la <unk> , d ’ artagnan by the rue des <unk> saint germain l ’ auxerrois , and aramis by the rue de <unk> . him . . ” ! ” murmured felton . height , pierre , ” said he . you are not mistaken , monsieur ? ” said he , in the most natural tone in the world . d ’ artagnan awoke with that uncomfortable feeling which generally	44.59303283691406
<unk> the break of day after a bad night . inquired cromwell . said eugénie , “ while i change my costume do you lock the <unk> ” louise pressed with all the strength of her little hands on the top of the portmanteau . you know me ; but i know you only as an adventurer sewn up in gold and jewellery . uncle ! ” he murmured . crew they are , these <unk> <unk> ! ” sigh ? ” ” cried bazin , “ a poem sell so dear as that ! in their hypocritical faces . and broke his leg . lord leven , with hesitation , “ sire , your majesty has been deceived by false reports . ” horse fit to return	77.60879516601562
immediately ? ” pressed his head within his hands , and during that brief period he became nearly mad with terror ; but soon a ray of hope <unk> in the multitude of thoughts which bewildered his mind , and a faint smile played upon his white lips and pallid cheeks . , ” replied the executioner . the lowest streets in the city , and in half an hour ’ s time he stopped before a little isolated house . , marquis , or you will lose it all . ” after my health ; i will candidly acknowledge that i am not well . too true . emmanuel was , while cocles , by the aid of a key he possessed , opened a door in	60.670772552490234
the corner of a landing-place on the second staircase , conducted the stranger into an antechamber , opened a second door , which he closed behind him , and after having left the clerk of the house of thomson & french alone , returned and signed to him that he could enter . . him approach the valet , who drew a small sealed parcel from his pocket , containing a newspaper and a letter . my lord ! ill-luck for several days , ” said danglars , “ and i have heard nothing but bad news . ” <unk> ” having said this , the abbé bowed to imply he wished to pursue his studies . morrel , “ i know not , indeed , if i	40.8405647277832
may reveal this secret to mortal ears , but fatality impels me , necessity <unk> me , <unk> ” morrel hesitated . are right ; and cheerfully would i give up five years of my <unk> i am never paid , by the <unk> make the king five years older . ” , ” said the cardinal , on perceiving him , “ i have not forgotten with what zeal you have served me . pleasure rather than with confusion ; and yet , bowing his head , as if humiliated , he said : the grand vizier my father look at that moment , in the midst of the flying bullets , his scimitar in his hand , and his face blackened with the powder of his	72.29624938964844
enemies ! ” said athos . that if in <unk> your chapel <unk> you forget how to <unk> up my sword , i will make a great fire of your blessed images and will see that you are roasted on it . ” porthos . ” rejoined the priest . aramis , “ listen to this . ” you. ” the count watched albert , waving his hand to him . recover a lost and adored son . ’ ” that mme . , having determined to live in eastern climates i have been desirous of following the example of king mithridates . ” worthy host , ” said albert , “ <unk> is a sure enemy to <unk> . ” the rue <unk> sainte catherine ; under	60.23983383178711
the second lamp on the right you will find your adversary . m. de busigny . wardes . ” lodging were a young couple who had been scarcely married a week ; and seeing them , dantès sighed heavily . time the young woman was not in such haste to retire to her apartment as she had been the first . , ” added the curate , groaning , “ do not regret the devil , i implore you ! ” monte cristo , “ here , in this very spot ” ( and he stamped upon the ground ) , “ i had the earth dug up and fresh <unk> put in , to refresh these old trees ; well , my man , digging , found	66.65509796142578
a box , or rather , the <unk> of a box , in the midst of which was the skeleton of a newly born infant . ” if mademoiselle danglars , instead of being called <unk> , had been named mademoiselle <unk> danglars ; what a fine effect that would have produced on the announcement of her marriage ! ” meet the messenger , whose hand she seized affectionately , whilst he knelt down and presented a letter to her , contained in a case of gold . <unk> and <unk> ? ” . ” breast through a <unk> in the cuirass . mazarin , “ as women suffer in avenging themselves . had actually pierced the cards in the exact places which the painted signs would otherwise	80.05040740966797
have occupied , the lines and distances being as regularly kept as if they had been ruled with pencil . chair , his strength was failing him ; his understanding weakened by such events , refused to comprehend such incredible , unheard-of , fabulous facts . is it : ‘ <unk> <unk> et <unk> <unk> , ’ which means , ‘ beware of the enemy who makes you presents . ” nothing more to ask for madame de longueville ? ” sirs , ” said the sick man , “ and may you both be blessed for your piety . was burning in one of the highest windows of the tower . your father ’ s safety depended upon it ? ” ” replied anne of austria ,	83.27891540527344
“ and you may retire until the time that i mentioned to you . ” completely taken by surprise and had mounted the stairs in such utter confusion , when once seated he recovered himself , as it were , and prepared to seize any possible opportunity of escape . ” and <unk> that monte cristo assumed a <unk> air towards him . ’ said he ; ‘ oh , no , you are too charming a mistress to allow me to consent to lose you thus , after i have had the happiness to possess you only a single time . praises . has gone in . ” <unk> ! ” towards the ceiling , but withdrew then , immediately , as if he feared the roof	54.11767578125
would open and reveal to his distressed view that second tribunal called heaven , and that other judge named god . ! ” exclaimed albert , so overcome he could scarcely speak ; “ it is not the same with you and me—you can not have made the same resolution i have , for i have come to warn you that i bid adieu to your house , <unk> to you . ” of his <unk> that it ? ” although i may not be , strictly speaking , what is termed an illustrious match for you , i am , for many reasons , not altogether so much beneath your alliance . you ? ” madame de villefort , “ why did he not take wine ?	76.78861236572266
english justice will be under an obligation to me for having saved it trouble . we have lost too much already . ” right , my dear aramis , take care of yourself , ” said he ; “ i will go alone in search of athos . ” , ” said he , lowering the point of his spit , “ where is this letter ? ” continual <unk> you have met with in all your own love affairs might have taught you better by this time . ” what are your conditions , if i employ you ? ” ” said the stranger , “ he has neither fled nor is in prison ? ” friends of other times ; among those who aided you to	43.1170539855957
contend against the duc de richelieu and even to conquer him . ” my dear fellow , do not confound our plans . court ? you talking of ? ” by the corsican to some priest , who in his turn has repeated it . at last , notwithstanding the opposition of her family ? ” ” exclaimed the countess ; “ is he here in paris ? ” firmly impressed on the mind as the memory of our early childhood , and with the exception of the two scenes i have just described to you , all my earliest reminiscences are fraught with deepest sadness . ” how am i free ? ” is money in the house , eh ? ’ answered caderousse , <unk> the	56.63619613647461
door . was finished , the <unk> was redoubled through all the drawing-rooms ; the brilliant sums , the rolling millions which were to be at the command of the two young people , and which crowned the display of the wedding presents and the young lady ’ s diamonds , which had been made in a room entirely appropriated for that purpose , had exercised to the full their <unk> over the envious assembly . cambric ! ” monsieur ! ” said the light-horseman , drawing from his fob a very handsome watch , studded with diamonds ; “ half past seven . ” , and contrary to the usual method , the last first , because it is the least difficult . instead of answering :	68.64970397949219
i am just now excessively annoyed , i shall go from home . heard in that chamber but sobs , exclamations , and prayers . ? horses on their part appreciated the eight hours of repose and the abundant <unk> which was granted them . shot at this moment would be paid for dearly to-morrow . ” cucumetto aroused his men , and gave the word to march . refuse me then ; and i will return to paris , and will see you again , and will be happy for an instant . the point . my martyrdom , and believe me , both will have their reward . traveling this way , to whom he proposed a game of _lansquenet_ . ” do ; i will	72.53681945800781
wait until the very moment you are married , for i will not lose the shadow of one of those unexpected chances which are sometimes reserved for us , since m. franz may , after all , die before that time , a thunderbolt may fall even on the altar as you approach it , —nothing appears impossible to one condemned to die , and miracles appear quite reasonable when his escape from death is concerned . albert , ” replied lucien , lighting a <unk> at a rose-colored taper that burnt in a beautifully <unk> <unk> “ how happy you are to have nothing to do . my visit has a motive . ” you must know i can not possibly live out of lucca ; therefore	91.51687622070312
i shall return to italy as soon as i can . ” may not be visited upon him ! ” , and i feel the whole responsibility of such a charge . ” own mind the anticipated <unk> of the next day , to which he had condemned himself by promising mercédès to spare her son , the count at last exclaimed : <unk> , those <unk> of the impossible , would have accorded to the poor wretch , in exchange for his wealth , the liberty he so earnestly prayed for . sir ? ” with <unk> shades which gave only a feeble light , as if out of consideration for the envoy ’ s weak sight . had made a mistake in the chamber , and	56.947265625
that i had found my way into the apartment of some churchman . not harm you . ” an instant , and the sum was sent to the frontier of piedmont , with a passport signed for italy . looked at himself in the glass with an <unk> smile of satisfaction . have a delightful way of setting people at their ease . ” ” whom you told me one day at amiens . ” i had not seen villefort ’ s face , i recognized him by the beating of my heart . granddaughter , mademoiselle de villefort ; it is she who has nursed and tended him for six years , and has , by her devoted attention , fully secured the affection , i had	52.00840377807617
almost said the gratitude , of her grandfather , and it is but just that she should reap the fruit of her devotion . ” . ” dying man that he must be patient . there is a god , ” howled caderousse ; “ you do not believe it ; you <unk> lie ! ” order to pass away the time till ten o ’ clock , when i caught sight of your carriage and horses . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . must . ” so , at least . ” poor fellows ! ” said the abbé . cried mercédès , with an angry look at her cousin . the duc d ’ angoulême . added noirtier , with a smile , “	28.431289672851562
one means by which you may a second time save me , if the political balance should some day take another turn , and cast you aloft while <unk> me down . of the sailor , that he was unable even to thank edmond , whose receding figure he continued to gaze after in speechless astonishment . ? so ? two knew neither fatigue nor fear . , perhaps . attention became more intense , and all eyes were turned towards the door through which benedetto was to enter . . ” said monte cristo , looking earnestly at the young man , and by an imperceptible movement turning his chair , so that he remained in the shade while the light fell full on maximilian ’ s	89.99580383300781
face . full casks , ” said blaisois , “ for he has already been in the hold with monsieur le chevalier d ’ artagnan . secretaries , will remit this letter of introduction to his eminence , the cardinal mazarin , in paris . ; everything else might be guessed , but not that . ” . ” ! ” howled milady . ” said he to one of them , “ do me the favor to take the reins from the hands of this worthy man , mount upon the box and drive to the door of the private stair , and wait for me there ; it is an affair of importance on the service of the king . ” revived when he found himself	37.977752685546875
alive after this horrible blow . <unk> vampire of the salle argentina ! ” , ” cried caderousse , clasping his hands , and drawing nearer to monte cristo , “ i may indeed say you are my <unk> ! ” of the sentinels guarding the hôtel de ville , which is next door to the bell and bottle , it had been stated by others that a number of travellers had arrived during the night . the other side of the wall . moment for the rising of the curtain . murmured fernand , but the word seemed to die away on his pale agitated lips , and a convulsive spasm passed over his countenance . these , and found themselves in a <unk> chamber . to	50.86402130126953
you ; i succeeded in <unk> your name under the blood with which the letter was stained , ” replied monte cristo , amid the general outburst of amazement . some drops of the lemonade from the decanter into the cup , and in an instant a light cloudy sediment began to form at the bottom of the cup ; this sediment first took a blue shade , then from the color of sapphire it passed to that of opal , and from opal to emerald . ” sat down near each other , let their flocks mingle together , played , laughed , and conversed together ; in the evening they separated the count of san-felice ’ s flock from those of baron <unk> , and the	100.61222076416016
children returned to their respective <unk> , promising to meet the next morning . , ” said louvieres , presenting his unloaded musket to the officer . own crime had alone been presented to his mind ; now another object , not less terrible , suddenly presented itself . to be sure , to get our baggage and horses ; and from there , if it please god , to france , where , at least , i understand the architecture of the houses . ” have been carried to rueil ; at rueil they have been questioned by the cardinal , who has either kept them near him or sent them to saint germain . her lover desired ; she was mad . chatelet , where i	68.7351303100586
slept soundly , being very sure that on the next day i should go forth free . against so many things , my lord . , ” athos gently replied , “ but de winter sought us out in france and introduced us , monsieur d ’ herblay and myself , to madame henrietta . ; i like dantès . you were running like a madman , and i was afraid you would throw yourself into the sea , ” said caderousse , laughing . considered in very bad taste ; there are gendarmes who occupy themselves with such affairs , judges who condemn , and <unk> which avenge . ” dark mass , against which it seemed as if the carriage was about to dash ; but	64.47477722167969
the vehicle turned to one side , leaving the barrier behind and danglars saw that it was one of the ramparts encircling rome . island was inhabited , yet edmond felt himself alone , guided by the hand of god . receiving an answer . immovable . <unk> , for the growth in question had a head . and advanced to the opposite side , while two sailors kindled torches at the fire to light them on their way . it , sir ? scene of enchantment ; the table was splendidly covered , and once convinced of this important point he cast his eyes around him . that . ” , and the notary watched her while she turned over the pages . prisoner saw that <unk>	83.21334075927734
though her eyes were cast down , nothing escaped her . ? ” no one has seen him . charles , “ farewell , my children . first step of the church of san giacomo , be sure to fasten a knot of rose-colored ribbons to the shoulder of your harlequin costume , in order that you may be recognized . ” at the door . mme . , my dear monsieur bernouin , but here is a man whom i must beg you to put in a safe place . ” belt ; porthos and aramis , who held their drawn swords in their hands , returned them to their scabbards . . ” , rascal ? ” asked comminges . be <unk> they think they will	43.23629379272461
arrest him ? ” replied mordaunt , with his harsh and bantering tone , “ you are mistaken ; you will not have me turned out this time as you did in <unk> dare not . to do for this . ” expected but to find a blank enclosure surrounded by a straight wall , is , i assure you , a most agreeable surprise . tumult the voice of the president was heard to exclaim : a violent blow . there was something in the count which attracted universal attention wherever he appeared . , ” said monsieur d ’ arminges , “ and if needs be , my will , that we beat a retreat . . , ” was edmond ’ s reply ; and	56.823143005371094
, embracing his father , and nodding to caderousse , he left the apartment . sure that he has not been mixed up with the police for some <unk> stab with a knife , for instance . ” <unk> the countenance of milady ; but this expression was <unk> as the reflection of lightning . to share my apartments with you , as i shared yours at <unk> , who do not profess egotism , but am yet <unk> <unk> <unk> ; for , except myself , these rooms would not hold a shadow more , unless that shadow were feminine . ” morcerf , “ i see you are a <unk> for forms , my dear sir , and you would remind me that the ceremonial rites	61.815025329589844
should not be omitted . appeared of a reddish hue , and the flame , brightening before it expired , threw out the last <unk> which in an inanimate object have been so often compared with the convulsions of a human creature in its final agonies . sir , is another proof that good people are never rewarded on this earth , and that none but the wicked prosper . come so late today ? but bazin was asleep in the ante-chamber , and aramis was obliged to shake him by the ear to awake him . aramis . edmond , that i am no longer a reasoning creature ; i have no will , unless it be the will never to decide . ; his eminence expects	93.67757415771484
me in half an hour . ” was to have done , and derive all the honor and profit from it . ’ she to whom the cardinal addressed this flattering compliment , “ if , in spite of all these reasons , the duke does not give way and continues to menace france ? ” , ” cried milady , with a feigned exultation , “ on the day when i shall have suffered sufficiently for my faith . ” ? ” that we have some reason to praise him . ” ” said hermine suddenly , “ if all this is , as you say , caused by m. debray , why , instead of going direct to him , do you come and tell me	47.22578048706055
of it ? is one of my friends , or rather , i am one of his . no . d ’ artagnan , ” cried aramis , “ you are killing me ! ” deny it , i do await , and i do love him of whom you speak ; and , if he does not return , instead of accusing him of the <unk> which you insinuate , i will tell you that he died loving me and me <unk> ” the young girl made a gesture of rage . this italian <unk> everything , both indoors and out ? often heard whispers of things that seem to me most <unk> father a bonapartist , the son a royalist ; what can have been the	50.74260711669922
reason of so singular a difference in parties and politics ? . ” but without delicacy ; the feet did not <unk> the woman of quality . bound to say , was graciously granted ; which compels us here to give a public contradiction to the <unk> who pretend that we live under a government but moderately indulgent to men of letters . the duke , “ a way of descending from the ramparts . ” pleasantry of the count . am come to look for him ; he is a friend of mine . ” understand , mother ! ” continued albert ; “ here are more than 4,000 francs settled on you ; upon these you can live at least two years . ” meantime ,	72.91401672363281
go and prepare the young man for this <unk> interview , for i presume that he is not less impatient for it than yourself . ” friends ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ a horrible suspicion crosses my mind ! of the apartment , but on the first step of the staircase she found a man holding a letter in his hand . and , strange as it was , in spite of the emotions he felt at the sight of these tears , he looked also at madame de villefort , and it appeared to him as if a slight gloomy smile had passed over her thin lips , like a meteor seen passing <unk> between two clouds in a stormy sky . ” ”	38.06145477294922
appears so ! ” said d ’ artagnan . answered dantès . friquet , suffocating ; “ ah ! to look <unk> , then , look ! ” replied d ’ artagnan . count de guiche to make reply ; not only was he the elder , but he had been presented to the prince by his father . , ” said the cardinal ; “ only , at what hour was he with you ? ” fellow , my friend ; can we count upon you ? ” left ; five days are more than i require . you are a model <unk> , ” said albert “ good-bye , we shall return on sunday . why should you make up your mind that i am to	37.45390701293945
be killed ? a retreat toward the rue tiquetonne ; i was pursued and took refuge in the house next to this , where i have been concealed between two mattresses . thus addressed d ’ artagnan , “ your resistance is useless ; these prisoners have just been given me by my illustrious patron , oliver cromwell . ” to speak to the father ? ” i commend his eminence to your care . ” . ” no sword . ” have left elba , to go whither i know not , but assuredly to attempt a landing either at naples , or on the coast of tuscany , or perhaps on the shores of france . the hill of saint <unk> . , but do not	56.592220306396484
be angry without reason ; make inquiries , and if it be <unk> ” madame , —this is the terrible news i have to tell you , ” said villefort in a hollow voice— “ no , nothing was found beneath the flowers ; there was no child <unk> . transport me for life , how merciful ! ” yes , let us be gone . ” , his eyes suffused with blood , and his head thrown back , was lying at full length , beating the floor with his hands , while his legs had become so stiff , that they looked as if they would break rather than bend . of mankind it is ; but not for you , my dear viscount , who	75.14391326904297
are one of my most intimate friends , and on whose silence i feel i may rely , if i consider it necessary to <unk> <unk> i not do so ? ” question , as well as the rest , mr. president , but in its turn . ” . as i do , ” replied raoul , urging his horse vigorously forward . say that i received a letter almost to the same effect . ” and drew up at this inn to rest my horse . to tell you that , in all probability , you will not realize six per cent of this sum . ” , but she may be french . would be angry ? ” porthos and aramis were posted as to	40.9149055480957
the situation . races , were there not ? ” in gallant speeches and protestations of devotion . take him back with you into the world . little miseries which the philosopher counts with a smile . at whatever price . ” ; i turned towards my grandfather , as though to question him as to the cause of his emotion ; he looked expressively at the newspaper i had been reading . this opportunity of proving to m. noirtier how wrong it would be of him to encourage feelings of dislike to me , which i am determined to conquer , whatever they may be , by my devotion . ” of his horse to his esquire ; the three musketeers fastened the horses to the shutters	71.22663116455078
. discovered the whole history in confession from the executioner of bethune , and having confessed him , after having learned everything from him , he gave him absolution by <unk> this dagger into his heart . about to shine , when suddenly the door was thrown open and harrison appeared in the doorway , accompanied by a man enveloped in a large cloak . and paper , then , ” called fernand loudly . . ” cardinal . ? ” up to the scaffold ; the people all took part against andrea , and twenty thousand voices cried , “ put him to death ! ; it will be well employed , i hope . ” , ” said aramis . , in front of the tower	55.289093017578125
of saint-jean , was a ship bearing on her stern these words , printed in white letters , “ the _pharaon_ , morrel & son , of <unk> ” she was the exact <unk> of the other _pharaon_ , and loaded , as that had been , with <unk> and <unk> . the abbé , “ it was not of such a size as that ; but you shall judge for yourself . said monte cristo , rising as he spoke— “ i am gallant enough to offer it you . ” he said : boudoir , hung with blue damask , adorned by red flowers , with a foliage of gold , looking upon a garden ; and reclined upon a sofa , her head supported on	51.66946029663086
the rich tapestry which covered it . tréville ’ s was as gay and cheerful as possible . you should fulfil this mission in person and alone . her for all she has made you suffer ? ” , he contented himself with calling the woman who waited on milady , and when she was come , he recommended the prisoner , who was still fainting , to her care , and left them alone . the day before , sent as ambassador to spain , to demand the hand of the <unk> for king charles i. , who was then only prince of wales . dignity prevailed , and if she did not entirely master her agitation , she at least succeeded in preventing the fall of	72.09832763671875
a single tear . ? ” repeated the inspector . ! ” cried mme . then , four hundred and fifty pistoles , ” said d ’ artagnan , contentedly . said she , “ and be accursed ! ” and shrubs rose in the centre , and masked a portion of the front ; around this <unk> two alleys , like two arms , extended right and left , and formed a carriage-drive from the iron gates to a double portico , on every step of which stood a porcelain vase , filled with flowers . declare the <unk> feigned ; and milady , after having lost the first trick , was not willing to lose the second . who inherited it from her mother . same	53.85639953613281
when an unexpected weight fell upon the back of the horse , which sank down . substitute cunning for force . had not the slightest doubt that my father would give me the capital instead of the interest of my property . ! ” said porthos . terrify me . , my lord , on the day when you are willing to hear my confession . ” with him three trusses of straw , returned to the chateau , where everybody , freezing with cold and more than half asleep , envied the king , the queen , and the duke of orleans , on their camp beds . sake , ” said the executioner , extending his arms . the countess to franz , “ go with	44.365604400634766
all <unk> young man ! it , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ and that was why i got three crowns for him . hear the story , sir ? ” valentine , “ whatever happens , i promise you not to fear . ” <unk> should kill me . ” the count in arabic , “ have you been to see the old man ? ” ali made a sign in the affirmative . hangs from the ceiling . ” an hour to refresh their horses . ? ” cried monte cristo , starting to his feet , and seizing the two hands which morrel was raising towards heaven . i certainly committed that imprudence ; but why should i have done otherwise ? furtively cast	43.71007537841797
upon this lady , and then <unk> about at large over the <unk> . pronounced with such enthusiasm and evident truth , that every eye was fixed on the count ’ s forehead , and he himself passed his hand across it , as if he felt ali ’ s blood still <unk> there . albert . knew you again , kitty ? ” we will defend ourselves ; if we are tried , we will stoutly maintain that we were only anxious to dip ourselves a certain number of times in the sea . <unk> as i had been , i became revengeful , cunning , and wicked , or rather , immovable as fate . clock in the morning , and daylight began to appear .	63.50685501098633
mordaunt , “ i have ordered the two prisoners we made this morning to be conducted to my lodging . ” ! threw it to the foot of the wall . , crossing the barricades , getting the chains about their legs , pushed about , questioning and questioned . which appeared possible to the young man . require , and remember that if you are not able to serve me here in paris , you may be of the greatest service to me at marseilles . ” at this word , and beholding the man who so forcibly reminded her of her <unk> child , who still lived for her in valentine , she felt touched at the name of mother , and bursting into tears ,	53.59769821166992
she fell on her knees before an armchair , where she buried her venerable head . look of tenderness and gratitude that it was comprehended even by the notary himself . i was going to say , if your eminence had let me finish my sentence . ” great deal , particularly on this road , and i wish to see all innkeepers making a fortune . ” this ! . ” so called as truly as i myself bore the appellation of gaspard caderousse ; but tell me , i pray , what has become of poor edmond ? that man , ” he said , “ to come in here without my permission . ” thinking about ? ” to me , athos , ” said	52.68568420410156
he . going , monsieur , where are you going ? ” château-renaud , and turned towards the vault , where the attendants had already placed the two coffins . their present work , and which would have entirely <unk> up the old passage , was thrown , by degrees and with the utmost precaution , out of the window in either faria ’ s or dantès ’ cell , the rubbish being first <unk> so finely that the night wind carried it far away without permitting the smallest trace to remain . least ; i know of none which cavalcanti possesses , excepting his palace in lucca . ” swords , but they found themselves taken between two fires . i can only repeat the words addressed	91.78778839111328
to you by the abbé busoni . by the throat and three-quarters <unk> him . athos . next minute madame danglars left her room in a charming loose dress , and came and sat down close to debray . or rather i suffered for a month ! , so long as they favor your suit ? ” of you . ” d ’ artagnan . follow mazarin ’ s counsels and to have me tried . ” handsome and in high spirits . commands , my lord , ” he said . step , and one that showed some courage , ” remarked the englishman . and with reason , on milady . afterward and went into his sleeping-room ; and one by one the lights in the	57.91910171508789
salon of the rue des tournelles were extinguished . of this angelic creature ! ” cried felton . no , no , no , she is not there , ” replied edward , singing his words . but go on . ” ! ! ” replied athos , smiling . broussel is to be arrested ought to be able to bear ten thousand men . ” had told the truth when they announced to morcerf the proposed visit of the major , which had served monte cristo as a pretext for declining albert ’ s invitation . ” said morrel , sinking into a chair , “ you have heard all , and i have nothing further to tell you . ” then i make a sacrifice .	38.09769821166992
i am not as brave and courageous as was my poor brother . ” considerable part of my life in the east , madame , and you are doubtless aware that the orientals value only two things—the fine breeding of their horses and the beauty of their women . ” to be told twice ; he knew that with superiors , especially when those superiors are princes , the highest politeness is to obey without delay or argument ; he went down to the stables , picked out a <unk> <unk> horse , saddled and bridled it himself , for athos had advised him to trust no one with those important offices at a time of danger , and went to rejoin the prince , who at that	91.29371643066406
moment mounted his horse . . ” drink , ” said athos , anxious to make it up by <unk> with d ’ artagnan , “ let us drink and get away from this hateful country . ? ” dear d ’ herblay , that it is almost sacrilege to distrust providence when one has such friends , and therefore we will divide the pistoles from porthos , as we divided the louis sent by d ’ artagnan . ” this evening , ” he said “ return in two hours . ” on her <unk> , while the father talks to you . ” help me to place this man in a place of safety . ” the wine delicious . planchet , “ can it be	51.4626579284668
? ” of great kindness of disposition , much <unk> of wit , and as to <unk> , m. danglars assures me that his fortune is <unk> is his word . ” , accidentally or purposely , albert ’ s mask fell off . , my dear caderousse . of <unk> land and valleys ; he is lord of the hill and the plain and is now carrying on a suit for his feudal rights against the bishop of noyon ! ” must be found who will serve as an instrument of god ’ s justice . ” its own particular apartment for the reception of guests ; it is a long rectangle , divided by two upright gratings placed at a distance of three feet from one	93.28793334960938
another to prevent a visitor from shaking hands with or passing anything to the prisoners . which had so long been the object of the abbé ’ s meditations , could insure the future happiness of him whom faria really loved as a son , it had doubled its value in his eyes , and every day he expatiated on the amount , explaining to dantès all the good which , with thirteen or fourteen millions of francs , a man could do in these days to his friends ; and then dantès ’ countenance became gloomy , for the oath of vengeance he had taken recurred to his memory , and he reflected how much ill , in these times , a man with thirteen or fourteen	107.54499816894531
millions could do to his enemies . perfectly comprehending the meaning of the question . her beautiful hand to the cardinal and showed him a superb diamond which sparkled on her finger . ’ s welfare , madame , ” replied mazarin , fixing his penetrating eyes on the queen , “ there is no sacrifice that i would not make . ” . ? ” and you agree ? ” asked albert , astonished . shut his door carefully , and began to study , like a clever architect , the plan andrea had left him . this worthy signor . villefort , “ i ask where is m. d ’ avrigny ? all ? ” walk together ? ” athos then said to aramis . .	42.56668472290039
” horse only . ” majesty the letter in which you tell her that the finances are exhausted . ” my heart , ” said gondy . the count , “ i see that m. danglars is accustomed to play at gaining or losing 300,000 francs in a day ; he must be enormously rich . ” this pitiable condition , showed by his looks all the various emotions of sorrow and sympathy which can <unk> the heart of man . planchet , seduced , like the crow in the fable , should tell his name , and that the queen , knowing his name , would discover that planchet had belonged to him . then , at the hôtel de londres with you ? ” was a	52.39155960083008
moment of silence , during which the queen pressed her hand to her side , evidently to still the beatings of her heart . them . were on board , but the embarkation of the horses was a longer matter than that of the men , and it was eight o ’ clock before they raised anchor . away ; the hours , one after another , seemed to awaken the clock as they passed , and every blow of the brass hammer resounded upon the heart of the prisoner . mazarin , “ the people there are very <unk> , and their habits , since the revolution , simple ; but no matter . ” the heart of d ’ artagnan , he was touched by this	48.6417350769043
mute sorrow ; but he held too <unk> to his projects , above all to this one , to change the program which he had laid out in advance . me on the throne of my fathers after five-and-twenty years of exile . my officer , and i will tell you all . ” to carry matters any further , we shall find her , or rather , she will find us tomorrow ; then she will give me some sign or other , and i shall know what i have to do . ” some precautions to conceal himself , porthos believed he had not been seen . want with a member of the parliament ? baron , ” said she , “ i am <unk> the	44.73916244506836
baron , who knows very well that i shall not kill myself , will place me before him with a knife in my hand , and he will discover that all this despair is but acted . ” appeared to do so , with the greatest calmness . and tempestuous sky , across which the wind was driving clouds that occasionally suffered a twinkling star to appear ; before him was the vast <unk> of waters , sombre and terrible , whose waves foamed and roared as if before the approach of a storm . little letter the heart of d ’ artagnan bounded , for he believed he recognized the handwriting , and although he had seen that writing but once , the memory of it remained	94.0718002319336
at the bottom of his heart . a hole in it . ” . by my needless haste . but wishing to know what this prediction was , about which they disputed , he remained in the same place . his pallor , the sweat which covered his face , the dust which soiled his clothes , all indicated that he was the messenger of some important and terrible news . athos , “ no divided attention , i beg ; let each one pick out his man . ” services to see that all be properly arranged . french ! not devoid of admiration . doctor , ” said villefort with indescribable joy ; “ i never had a better friend than you. ” and , as	78.68160247802734
if he feared doctor d ’ avrigny would recall his promise , he hurried him towards the house . madame , ” said felton , blushing ; “ lord de winter is not capable of such a crime . ” said she , “ it is very droll , and that mad marie michon fared better than she expected . which the judicial inquiry was made , ” continued the impassive cardinal , “ there lodges , i believe , a young béarnais , a friend of the musketeer . ” , then ? ” lord . ’ , ” said franz , “ since m. noirtier sent for me , i am ready to attend to his wish ; besides , i shall be happy to pay	31.05297088623047
my respects to him , not having yet had the honor of doing so . ” the deputy , “ answer me frankly , not as a prisoner to a judge , but as one man to another who takes an interest in him , what truth is there in the accusation contained in this anonymous letter ? ” and villefort threw disdainfully on his desk the letter dantès had just given back to him . myself ; but watch over him. ” emmanuel looked around the room and caught sight of the pistols ; his eyes rested on the weapons , and he pointed to them . continued the procureur , in that cold and decisive tone which seemed at once to <unk> all discussion , “	80.56649780273438
will , we are sure , meet with your approbation . ” think it necessary that i should disturb the repose of these illustrious lords to say , ‘ gentlemen , your servant , mousqueton , is <unk> ’ what does monsieur bracieux care , think you , whether i am thirsty or not ? ” , ” said parry , with tears in his eyes and in a tone of supplication , “ do not look to the left as we leave the hall . ” for a moment ; then , as if appearing to have formed a resolution , she said , “ i have an enemy . ” ” said the abbé , “ and i will again have pity on you , and	41.0887565612793
will let you escape , at the risk of the fresh miseries my weakness may lead to , if you tell me the truth . ” you will promise me this ? ” said morrel , intoxicated . duke . , with a jealous eye , reading the _lives of the saints_ to the mistress of the house , entered suddenly and without being announced . pass over his head and resumed , still with the same tranquillity : ; when he saw franz , the servant came up to him . tell her that her grandfather was suffering , and that there was much on his mind which he was wishing to communicate to her . of them yourself to anyone ? ” , ” said grimaud	48.227821350097656
. , i allow , when his news is correct ; but when it is not , there are fifty others in the world who would do better than he . ” . a bordeaux vessel , _la <unk> ; she comes from india also ; but she is not mine . ” am to be beheaded outside this window ? chance , been in the bastile ? ” is he gone ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan . you guess well . young men separated , agreeing to meet again at four o ’ clock with athos , and leaving planchet to guard the house . anything ? ” wet ; yet i fancy , as thou <unk> , that i see something . ” aramis ,	56.4069709777832
“ what prevents our being distrustful and going aboard at the same time ? you back to your mass book , master abbé . the count , “ not to know the value of a man ’ s word ! in the morning the sieur de la coste , ensign in the king ’ s guards , followed by two officers and several archers of that body , came to the city <unk> , named clement , and demanded of him all the keys of the rooms and offices of the hôtel . victim . cloak , ” said aramis . men , ” said the abbé , “ and remember too , ” he added in an almost menacing tone , “ you have promised to tell	46.46815872192383
me everything . but to leave paris—— ” something better to do to-night than to draw the sword . ” her throat , leaving two gaping wounds from which , as well as the mouth , the blood was pouring in floods . but neither do i recollect meeting with you , ” observed valentine , raising her beautiful eyes to the count . you at that time , ” said the major . of the evil ; now try and aid us with the remedy . ” not fled ? ” chicken , ” said aramis . that first impulses are <unk> the best . . ” lord ! ” be so , ” replied caderousse , his face flushed with cupidity . be no confusion ,	50.94723129272461
franz wore his peasant ’ s costume . to him by d ’ artagnan , who in the first place pointed out the money to him , then the glory , and then the danger . completely <unk> , he has lost his voice also , and we ourselves find much trouble in endeavoring to catch some fragments of his meaning . ” clock , then , behind the luxembourg . ” all paris knew it yesterday , and the day before it had already transpired on the bourse , and m. danglars ( i do not know by what means that man <unk> to obtain intelligence as soon as we do ) made a million ! ” not in favor at the court , father . ”	67.23236083984375
at paris , and it is the first time i have ever even set my foot in france . ” have just told me—that mazarin has placed me in the pavilion of the orangery in order to make me a visit , and assure him that i shall take advantage of this honor he proposes to accord to me to obtain from him some <unk> of our captivity . ” thousand livres to be employed as seems good , and we will leave a fund of a thousand livres under the guardianship of monsieur abbé here , for extraordinary occasions or common wants . the persons we quit and those we meet afterwards . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ if you annoy us in this	65.78462219238281
manner we will all four go and shut ourselves up in your cellar , and we will see if the mischief is as great as you say . ” ’ s envoy desired to retain his incognito . madame , ” said the king , “ and i am ready to retire to my room when you have kissed me . in repairing your negligence ? ” asked franz . ” take the waters of forges , or any that may be more agreeable to you , and <unk> yourself as quickly as possible . to me of it , ” replied the shipowner ; “ but if there be any letter he will give it to me . ” the queen remained silent . , but not	29.931928634643555
without difficulty . you lying bleeding , wounded . ” of that generous friend , ” said the king , “ that i may cherish for him an eternal gratitude , whether he succeeds or not . ” and was more moved than irritated by it . madame , ” stammered the young girl . ’ replied one , ‘ is to communicate to you the will of his highness . that is he ! burial of his father , and the marriage of mercédès . <unk> of the priest . ” , therefore , about marie michon among the four musketeers , who besides had what they wanted : that was , the order to withdraw mme . this request , when the officer made a sign	51.218849182128906
as if he had something to say . if you felt so sure , ” replied the new-comer , putting his cane in a corner and his hat on a chair , “ allow me to say , my dear gérard , that it was not very filial of you to keep me waiting at the door . ” at some distance from his friends , darted a scrutinizing glance into every carriage that appeared , but saw no face with which he was acquainted . be placed in general quesnel ; he was recommended to us from the island of elba ; one of us went to him , and invited him to the rue saint-jacques , where he would find some friends . the president ,	38.68505096435547
“ we acknowledge no king louis xviii. , or an <unk> , but his majesty the emperor and king , driven from france , which is his kingdom , by violence and treason . ” you know anything about him ? ” he never liked me since the day when i was silly enough , after a little quarrel we had , to propose to him to stop for ten minutes at the island of monte cristo to settle the <unk> proposition which i was wrong to suggest , and he quite right to refuse . quite sure you were a good and brave young man , ” said mme . aperture with it . ” ’ t return ? ” afraid ; he is not so much	44.78137969970703
of a devil as he appears . ” me that he came , for he was ignorant of my journey . parry , ” said the bishop , “ i have nothing to fear ; so allow me to salute your majesty and to tell you who i am and for what i am come . ” where the art comes in . the loss of my house , ’ tis a long time since i visited my castles . ” weeks to <unk> the cargo , and we can not get you ready for sea until three months after that ; only be back again in three months , for the _pharaon_ , ” added the owner , patting the young sailor on the back , “	52.045589447021484
can not sail without her captain . ” they stopped the horses and cut the escort to pieces , whilst i opened the doors of the carriage and monsieur de rochefort jumped out and soon was lost amongst the crowd . at your ease , madame , ” said bonacieux , hurt at the little interest his wife showed in him . was near making milady lose her credit with the cardinal , kitty knew nothing about it ; but this time d ’ artagnan was better informed than she was . this <unk> , and almost pleased at being wounded , for they were rude lessons which taught him with what eye he could view danger , and with what endurance he could bear suffering . you	100.80440521240234
a thousand chances . ” guns , pray ? which is to a woman what perfume is to the flower and flavor to the fruit , for the beauty of either is not the only quality we seek . ” had received a sword cut . ” ” my faith , ” said athos , “ it must be acknowledged that this englishman is worthy of being loved . house where he <unk> is suspected . ” we must go out . ” rays of a star , and the walls , dug into niches , which were arranged one above the other in the shape of coffins , showed that they were at last in the catacombs . ” answered dantès ; “ don ’ t imagine	52.56776809692383
i am going to put you off in that shabby manner . would hold me in aversion , and i do not at all wish that ; on the contrary , i desire to stand high in her esteem . ” lord , ” said athos , glancing at aramis , “ your highness is discontented with your party ? ” who , however , was an abbé only because he owned an abbey , and not because he was in orders , had formerly been one of the gayest <unk> in the town of <unk> , which he inhabited . and groslow , who was wiping the perspiration from off his forehead , answered : once into the sea , making but a single sound , giving	53.77629470825195
but a single stroke , and the boat seemed to fly over the surface of the water . only ? ” cried caderousse , “ ah , sir , do not jest with me ! ” replied he . , yes , ” replied m. de boville , “ but not for the survivor ; on the contrary , this dantès saw a means of <unk> his escape . to mousqueton recurred to his mind and with greater force because mousqueton , though he did not himself wait on the table , which would have been beneath him in his new position , appeared at the door from time to time and evinced his gratitude to d ’ artagnan by the quality of the wine he directed to	40.48844528198242
be served . after this first visit has been made we shall count on you . ” same question he had asked the first person he met . angry with me , madame ; you sent me away . ” along the only street of this little village , and enter with us one of the houses , which is <unk> to the beautiful <unk> color peculiar to the <unk> of the country , and within <unk> with <unk> , like a spanish <unk> . recognized . ” when the good you have done <unk> your cause before god ; and see , perhaps it is a happiness for you , humble and powerless as i am , that you have met with me , for if i	48.32533264160156
leave this place , <unk> have powerful friends , who , after having exerted themselves on my account , may also <unk> themselves for you . ” as we shall see , and his uneasy forebodings had <unk> him pale and trembling to the gate under the chestnut-trees . , as i generally do when i am weary without having the courage to amuse myself , or when i am hungry without feeling inclined to eat . ” sister . jacques la boucherie ; ” and delighted with the success of his embassy , friquet started off at the top of his speed . up and to have a stove in the stable , the arabian finds himself unable to bear ten degrees of cold in arabia .	90.58369445800781
” that you shall be served to the height of your wishes , and that we shall see each other every day . ” it , sir ; ” and the guide went out . ” said monte cristo , addressing andrea , “ make your confession . ” god has made them senseless , ” said felton . ! ” that the king ’ s attorney , be he who he may , with whom i should have to deal , would assuredly be more embarrassed than i should . ” in black , who rummaged every place and took all the papers . aramis , “ we have promised . ” to replace him on the throne that cromwell has paid for him two hundred thousand	34.22877883911133
pounds sterling ? thing . . ” ” said he , “ here i am at last ; some time has elapsed since our plans were formed , and they are not yet executed . ” , and your conscience will be at rest . ” then ? ” we are sufficiently well-bred to excuse you , and to listen to your history , fabulous as it promises to be . ” letter from oliver cromwell ? ” said mazarin . ” felton , “ i can do but one thing , which is to pity you if you prove to me you are a victim ! , ” replied de guiche . ” said the duchess , giving him a letter , “ here is what i	27.542837142944336
promised you ; our young friend will be extremely well received . ” ; apprised by beauchamp of the circumstances , he required no explanation from albert . , my dear d ’ artagnan , with what ill luck i play , ” replied porthos , with the most careless air in the world . . ” excellency , where everything is learned . ” from my heart . per annum for your services <unk> than many a brave <unk> , who continually risks his life for his country , <unk> . athos and aramis to stand on each side of the door and clap their hands if they catch him . there . and stammered out a few words of gratitude which soon expired under the gloomy	70.05702209472656
looks of the cardinal . the rue de la mule the iron gate of the place royale , when they perceived three cavaliers , d ’ artagnan , porthos , and planchet , the two former wrapped up in their military cloaks under which their swords were hidden , and planchet , his musket by his side . five millions and a half are not mine , and are only a proof of the great confidence placed in me ; my title of popular banker has gained me the confidence of charitable institutions , and the five millions and a half belong to them ; at any other time i should not have hesitated to make use of them , but the great losses i have recently sustained	69.1594009399414
are well known , and , as i told you , my credit is rather shaken . in the matter has been child ’ s play . ” room . they don ’ t see us , ” said athos . s nothing ! for morrel ; but while they were watching the departure of the count , morrel had quitted his post , and château-renaud , failing in his search , joined debray and beauchamp . said athos , “ am returning to bragelonne . , how was it done ? wind . my correspondent has disappeared . of <unk> , ruin , change , <unk> have fully anticipated , and if any of these should overtake me , yet it will not overwhelm me . you	47.19895553588867
have given me confidence ; it is so long since we were separated , that i have not the least remembrance of him , and , besides , you know that in the eyes of the world a large fortune covers all defects . ” ” to pay my bill , but i am not a <unk> man ; i leave behind me as a pledge this pin , worth ten times the amount . ” said aramis . said la carconte , after a moment ’ s pause , ‘ you are not a man . ’ , added to the fatigue , caused andrea to sleep so soundly . the commands of the personage to whom i have addressed the inclosed letter . ” , ”	43.54026794433594
thought d ’ artagnan ; “ he will spare me the _ennui_ of the bastille , or the <unk> of a trial . , “ go instantly to the lord chancellor , and tell him that i charge him with the execution of these orders . , sir ? ” said the lady , laughing ; “ we do what we can . a noble family , who placed reliance upon your <unk> was near dying of my wounds at first , and of hunger afterward , in a beggarly inn at chantilly , without you ever <unk> once to reply to the burning letters i addressed to you . ” to the threshold of the hotel . of precaution , i see , my dear madame coquenard	51.207763671875
, ” said porthos , <unk> the hand of the procurator ’ s wife tenderly . ” of the horses , ” said planchet . inquiring disposition we are acquainted with , had <unk> interest he had in satisfying his curiosity on this <unk> able to assign any cause for these fits , or for the periods of their recurrence . . , are you aware that it is simply civil war you are proposing to me ? ” and by the bluish splendor of the fiery serpent they distinguished a little isolated house on the banks of the river , within a hundred paces of a ferry . considerable interest will take place the day after tomorrow at two o ’ clock , as is customary at	53.22437286376953
rome at the commencement of all great <unk> . , the air of la rue tiquetonne is not like that of pierrefonds ; but console yourself , i will soon conduct you to one much better . ” , and so much the better ! ” ’ s wife of the rue des fossoyeurs ? you have seen me twenty times . ” he said with a sigh , “ ’ tis merely for your journey . ” of it now . ” ” cried the young queen , affecting surprise , “ you are giving me , then , two more : i shall have fourteen . ” de tréville to tell them all this , and will meet them there . ” his eyes and looked	36.10554885864258
in astonishment at these strangers , who appeared to pity him . replied dantès , in bad italian , “ a maltese sailor . with questions respecting the count ; she insists upon it that i can tell her his birth , education , and <unk> , where he came from , and whither he is going . overheard his conversation yesterday and he wants to get us away from paris . ” likes to march with as little baggage as possible . ” the <unk> , whom , notwithstanding , you tax with <unk> with bravado , that is not my way ; but i am firm . ” replied albert . an armchair , which moved upon casters , in which he was <unk> into the	69.071533203125
room in the morning , and in the same way drawn out again at night . came from my mother ! ” . ” ” said athos . albert has just done is either very despicable or very noble , ” replied the baron . the old man . ” replied d ’ artagnan . how i discovered it ; i know it—that is sufficient . ? ” mr. jackson , ” replied buckingham . happily i have , ” replied valentine . he may one day suffer what i suffer ! ” , sire ; think only of yourself . ! should like to see these <unk> of your industry and patience . ” he made no demonstration of politeness , only stopping before the queen .	46.05083084106445
to acquire the habit of expecting to be recompensed for every trifling service he may render . door . and proceed to the rue tiquetonne , hotel de la chevrette , whence you will take my horse and that of monsieur du vallon , which you must saddle and equip as if for war , and then you will leave paris , bringing them with you to cours la reine . and went to salute the coadjutor and the duc de beaufort . what a service you might render me ! looked around , for his was already a very celebrated name . shame he felt at having exposed himself before his servants , partly recalled his senses , but the ride was short , and as he	63.786155700683594
drew near his house all his wretchedness revived . be able to frighten porthos with the adventure of the baldric , which he might , if not killed upon the spot , relate to everybody a recital which , well managed , would cover porthos with ridicule . vessels , which had appeared improbable during the day , seemed very probable at night ; placed as he was between two possible sources of danger , he kept his eye on the crew , and his gun in his hand . ! , that he is not happy ? ” said the count . impatient for news of his master . mazarin , with a smile , “ you may rest easy ; your wishes shall be fulfilled .	77.35711669921875
” ? ” said cromwell , the cloud passing away from his face ; “ since you are here , it is well ; you may remain . ” , it is myself that i blame , myself that i hate ! dressed as he was , in the bed and then covered him as far as the shoulders with the sheet . they informed him that they were resolved not to pay this tax , even if they were obliged to defend themselves against its <unk> by force of arms . of those cowards who dared not kill her themselves ? door and called out to a waiter to desire madeleine to come upstairs . of his friend , dantès cast around one eager and searching glance	81.36116790771484
in quest of the expected <unk> , but nothing more than common met his view . of this ? ” asked the queen . he , half laughing , half serious ; “ i hope the carnival will not pass without some amends in one shape or the other . ” and construed that smile . ambition ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , with feverish <unk> . i in your place , and did i feel conscious , as you do , of being worshipped , adored , with such a love as mine , a hundred times at least should i have passed my hand between these iron bars , and said , ‘ take this hand , dearest maximilian , and believe that , living	76.68026733398438
or dead , i am <unk> only , and forever ! ’ ” said , “ you have made a mistake ; you have given me gold . ” around the <unk> , piquant , arlesian sausages , and lobsters in their dazzling red cuirasses , <unk> of large size and brilliant color , the <unk> with its <unk> outside and dainty morsel within , the <unk> , esteemed by the <unk> of the south as more than <unk> the exquisite flavor of the <unk> , north . not have changed her more than this one night of sleeplessness and sorrow . dull . ” for the death of d ’ artagnan would make a sensation . your lackey ? ” , and this was the received thing	72.24531555175781
in the world , where the weighty and <unk> occupations of the magistrate were accepted as an excuse for what was really only calculated pride , a <unk> of professed <unk> fact , the application of the axiom , <unk> to think well of yourself , and the world will think well of <unk> , an axiom a hundred times more useful in society nowadays than that of the greeks , “ know thyself , ” a knowledge for which , in our days , we have substituted the less difficult and more advantageous science of <unk> <unk> . ’ s great astonishment , luigi remained mute , and not a word escaped his lips the rest of the evening . <unk> not fear . ” convincing ,	105.29354095458984
since they rested upon a few words written by an escaped <unk> on his death-bed , and who might have been actuated by hatred or revenge in accusing his companion . chatillon , “ if you bring bad tidings it will be cruel in you to announce them to the queen . ” allow , as you say , your father was a very intelligent fellow . it , sire ? ” asked athos . ; i heard no other noise but the beating of my own heart . ” and the young man , who had never shrunk from danger , shrank before monte cristo with indescribable terror . style . ” ! ” the vendetta against you , so protect yourself as well as you can	57.23463439941406
, for the next time we meet your last hour has come. ’ and before he had recovered from his surprise , i opened the door and left the room . ” if you were left alone , and nobody interrupted you . ” met the pretty kitty ; that was the name of the _soubrette_ . cartilages of the heads of these <unk> , and you can scarcely imagine the delight with which i welcomed the arrival of each wednesday , friday , and saturday , as affording me the means of increasing my stock of pens ; for i will freely confess that my historical labors have been my greatest solace and relief . that inn as he had left the hôtel des princes , without	99.13582611083984
being noticed , walked down the faubourg <unk> , along the boulevard to rue <unk> , and stopping at the door of the third house on the left looked for someone of whom to make inquiry in the porter ’ s absence . the envelope ; there was no address on it . , not athos only , not the comte de la fere whom you will ruin by this amiable weakness , but a whole party to whom you belong and who depend upon you . ” d ’ artagnan sold him for the nine livres did not conceal from the young man that he only gave that enormous sum for him on the account of the originality of his color . some money in that secretaire	63.643028259277344
? ” at cours la reine . ” ” francs . be better for me to retire , with your permission , for the sight of me appears still to <unk> your <unk> ” madame de saint-méran heard her . , and disappeared behind the tapestry , leaving the major fascinated beyond expression with the delightful reception which he had received at the hands of the count . in . ” replied d ’ artagnan , who had never been able to <unk> the first <unk> of that language into his head , and who had by his ignorance driven his master to despair , “ yes , doubtless there is one . ” to the count of san-felice , who sent for the little shepherd , made	44.56981658935547
him read and write before him , ordered his attendant to let him eat with the domestics , and to give him two piastres a month . , bragelonne had much more to hear than to tell . brother and sister chapter li . in a sort of agony upon the door through which the king must enter . ” made in mme . the doctor , with increased vehemence , “ there are occasions when i dispense with all foolish human <unk> . room the third time when , in turning , he perceived monte cristo at the door . i never did love you much , but now it is worse than ever . , ” said he , “ that at least it shall be	75.3309326171875
my study to merit your approbation in all things , and i will take m. ali as my model . ” you prefer <unk> . , vast gray clouds rolled towards the west , and the blue firmament appeared studded with bright stars . ” said she , “ i place full confidence in you , my friend ! ” what a popular commotion ! ” continued the giant , in his quiet manner ; “ but i knocked down more than twenty with the hilt of <unk> . with fatigue . for this juvenile <unk> of his appeared to be as amusing as if some one had related it of another person . <unk> ” family affairs , perhaps ? ” —then you will not leave me	97.9521713256836
, albert ? ” , in the tone of one who gives wholesome advice , “ i think it is better not to make them . ” eminence to observe , ” said milady , “ that since the affair of the diamond studs , about which the duke always suspected me , his grace <unk> me . ” another vision appeared . ! ” said aramis . t budge , then ; if they come , tell them what has happened . suspended over the abyss by a ladder of ropes . but her usual pallor had increased ; her eyes were more brilliant than ever , and her hands , which were generally white like mother-of-pearl , now more resembled wax , to which time was	61.02713394165039
adding a yellowish hue . and queen charming at the ball . seem to close in , even to press against him . <unk> ordinary signal of lovers ; but nobody replied to him , not even an echo . ” follow the brave example of his energetic companion , and to remember that what has once been done may be done again . , ” exclaimed porthos . then , monsieur , that we shall travel faster with two horses apiece ? ” said planchet , with his shrewd air . the business over to morcerf , so pray settle it with him as may be most agreeable to you ; for my own part , i care nothing about the count or his mysterious doings .	99.03404998779297
” go to bed himself , observed that after such sad events everyone stood in need of rest . the three musketeers threatened ( certain consciences are never calm ) , <unk> even before his guests showed a countenance of abject terror . athos , gravely , “ remember that it is the dead alone with whom we are not likely to meet again on this earth . feel for the key . it . ” ” in god ? ” said caderousse . order signed directly , sir , and with it two thousand pistoles ; meanwhile , let me take these men away . ” ? the rock beneath which he lay ; the waves , dashing themselves against it , <unk> him with their spray	92.25413513183594
. porthos , “ i am a widower and have forty thousand francs a year . ” replied the mercer , in a tremble , feeling that it was at this point affairs were likely to become perplexing ; “ that is to say , i _had_ one . ” the cardinal , “ are you a d ’ artagnan from béarn ? ” blind not to have seen . ” the guide ; “ i said to myself , ‘ something is always left in a cell inhabited by one prisoner for fifteen years , ’ so i began to sound the wall . ” certain ; only i have seen things which induce me to believe , as i told you , that the future captain	49.14145278930664
will find some annoyance in the vicinity of the vieilles infirmeries . ” ! ” s all very fine , ” retorted the woman . cristo , he fell into profound gloom . piercing look on this modern babylon , which equally engages the contemplation of the religious <unk> , the <unk> , and the <unk> , — is not valuable , ” replied the man with a melancholy smile . no ; you appear to be an honest young man , and i will have confidence in you . ruin , fool , i should drag you to the first <unk> ; besides , when that note is delivered , in all probability you will have no more to fear . won he was insolent and ostentatious	48.03232955932617
; if he lost , he disappeared completely for several days , after which he reappeared with a pale face and <unk> person , but with money in his purse . saint denis , the friends found a vast <unk> of people . town with her brother , who was a curate . addressing the troop , “ let us return . ” cent higher than before they had fallen . the night ? ” he inquired . , but put it in his pocket and not on his finger . a holiday . ” not , for he ordered his breakfast at ten o ’ clock . ” the stranger ; “ i hear a noise . ” , morrel , lest i call you ungrateful .	42.75120162963867
” ” cried mercédès , shuddering . after the hour for the customary visit had gone by , faria , not seeing the young man appear , tried to move and get over the distance which separated them . barrois was sixty years of age ; morrel was deeply in love , and barrois was dying with heat and exertion . hearts palpitated ; for it did , indeed , seem to be a ring which was placed there . us understand each other , ” returned athos , seriously . with you there . you had an idea , ” said athos . in love with me , by chance , this fair inconstant ; and will she be disposed to give me myself another sapphire like	66.79451751708984
that which she gave me for de wardes ? ” ever since . he , “ m . the viscount of morcerf , advancing towards the countess , “ yesterday you were so condescending as to promise me a galop ; i am rather late in claiming this gracious promise , but here is my friend , whose character for veracity you well know , and he will assure you the delay arose from no fault of mine . ” or three <unk> <unk> , written four or five articles in the <unk> , and voted five or six years on the ministerial side . ” was superfluous , he followed d ’ artagnan , wondering to himself how this young guardsman should know so well who the	94.74453735351562
lady was to whom he had given hospitality , and that he should know better than himself what had become of her . the young girl , almost bewildered , “ can i not leave the house ? —can i not escape ? ” on a black table lighted up the handsome and resigned face of the king and that of his faithful <unk> , far less calm . hence at the latest . ” once they are <unk> , our <unk> will be <unk> next . ” , ” said athos , “ finish them at a blow . ’ s opinion , ” said porthos . cried the lieutenant ; “ there ’ s only one man in the world who could stay my hand ;	43.96393966674805
by a fatality that very man bars my way . , he came back , and in a very bad condition , too . the comte de la fere , ” resumed raoul , “ said , ‘ come , bragelonne , draw your sword ; ’ then only i rushed upon the <unk> and cut it in two , just at the moment when it was rising on its tail and hissing , ere it sprang upon me . she was a young girl ; i married her in opposition to the wishes of all my family ; i gave her my wealth , i gave her my name ; and one day i discovered that this woman was <unk> woman was marked with a _fleur-de-lis_ on	64.18468475341797
her left shoulder . ” ’ s consent i shall fulfil the promise which i have made you . ” his hat , and could not be persuaded to make use of his cloak . , i am a gascon . ” porthos “ without supper ? she , “ you will avenge me ; but you will not be dead . madame , ” the cardinal hastened to say , in order to cut short the explanation he foresaw was coming , “ with regard to you , that is another thing . mm . ? ” asked morrel with a voice he strove to render firm . , others making comments and recalling circumstances which <unk> the charges still more . instance , was marvellously served	54.471717834472656
by his conscience after the putting away of the two children of edward iv . her hands . i hold montague in my power ; that montague is in the bastille ; that no letters were found upon him , it is true , but that torture may make him tell much of what he knows , and even what he does not know . ” pistoles of aramis . ” about to sign the contract . ” ” she exclaimed , in so plaintive an accent that it seemed to stifle a sob ; “ really , you pain me . ” , has she tried to fly ? ” the gentleman . supreme , raoul , was the actual sovereign ; the other , nothing but	68.36315155029297
a phantom to whom he lent a soul ; and yet , so powerful is majesty amongst us , this man has not even the honor of a tomb at the feet of him in whose service his life was worn away . porthos . , i mean to say she is a deuced fine girl ! ” guards set forward alone on their march , the musketeers waiting for the king , which allowed porthos time to go and take a turn in his superb equipment in the rue aux ours . to envy him on that score , for i owe to you the pleasure of knowing him , ” replied the witty woman , with a smile which recalled marie michon to aramis and to	69.87946319580078
athos . made , which will bring this dreadful tragedy to a close . and this victory rendered him so audacious , that all the money of assunta , whose affection for him seemed to increase as he became more unworthy of it , was spent in caprices she knew not how to contend against , and follies she had not the courage to prevent . d ’ artagnan to his domestic , who just then <unk> his head through the half-open door in order to catch some fragments of the conversation , “ go down to my landlord , monsieur bonacieux , and ask him to send me half a dozen bottles of beaugency wine ; i prefer that . ” understood what your granddaughter has been	96.77227020263672
saying , sir , have you ? ” asked the notary . the orchestra gave the signal for the waltz , albert put his arm round the waist of the countess , and disappeared with her in the whirl of dancers . mazarin , “ with perseverance one may penetrate through a wall ; with a <unk> one may saw through an iron bar . ” least , i have been warned . forehead , pressed her lips upon it , and sent him back with the ball in one hand and some <unk> in the other . to , and his cries only served to arouse the attention of the spaniards . you—is that it ? ” cried he , “ he has given us anjou wine	48.816490173339844
instead of champagne , and fancies we know no better ! , ” interrupted comminges ; “ the cardinal said so ; there is no prison here . ” ” murmured the two young people . about that cursed affair ? ” asked aramis , “ in which case i do not greatly care to go , for it will be to pocket a lecture ; and since it is my function to give them to others i am rather averse to receiving them myself . ” albert , replying to this direct appeal , “ i can give you very exact information on that subject , as well as on most points relative to the mysterious person of whom we are now <unk> young woman is a	67.55805969238281
greek . ” i shall have the honor of expecting you at the hôtel of monsieur de tréville . was to him of far less value than a <unk> , especially when , by taking it away , he could increase the sum total of his own desires . my lord , ” said the young man . , that you owe this sum to him ? ” stroke of the hammer fell upon his heart . ; woe is me ! told him he had had no detailed account , and he was now quite convinced that the general had been present at the execution , hidden behind some screen or curtain . , under any circumstances ! ” said caderousse , who drank as he spoke	49.51380157470703
, and on whom the <unk> of the wine began to take effect , — “ under any circumstances fernand is not the only person put out by the fortunate arrival of dantès ; is he , danglars ? ” edmond to himself , “ this is a terrible relapse ! ” thought porthos , giving mordaunt his whole attention , “ were it not for breaking in on the majesty of the situation i would leap down from the bench , reach mordaunt in three bounds and strangle him ; i would then take him by the feet and knock the life out of these wretched musketeers who <unk> the musketeers of france . feet from here , in advance , ” said d ’ artagnan .	88.311279296875
away , as if these words had not been intended for him . always at hand , who does not leave me a moment ’ s repose ; who talks to me about spain , who talks to me about austria , who talks to me about england ! ran round the table , with the exception of the elder dantès , whose laugh displayed the still perfect beauty of his large white teeth . much to allow you to put on a mask to aid you in the discovery of our secret , and then to remove it that you may ruin those who have confided in you . some light or other might break , convinced as he was that the cardinal had some <unk> and	71.23226928710938
was preparing for him one of those terrible surprises which his eminence was so skillful in getting up . s ; the other , that of franz and his friends . sent where we are to go for it ? ” he should stay at chantilly to wait for the answer from his duchess . asked mazarin , turning pale . ribbons , his face bleeding , felt not only his strength but also his reason going ; a red mist covered his sight , and through this mist he saw a hundred threatening arms stretched over him , ready to seize upon him when he fell . , the most beautiful and most noble woman i ever saw ! ” as a magistrate , but as a	80.09982299804688
friend ; and when i am in bitter anguish of spirit , do not tell me that i ought to be <unk> ” villefort bowed . smiled kindly on the prisoner , for he was an excellent man and had taken a great liking for the captive prince . paulet , for she was always very much the fashion . , the respectable martyr of the political and amorous intrigues which <unk> themselves so nicely together at this gallant and chivalric period . man who , without being bitten by one of his race , has yet murdered his benefactor ; and who , now unable to kill anyone , because his hands are bound , wishes to see his companion in captivity perish . , ” said	76.38004302978516
the young man . by the officer , as may well be imagined , milady on her part was not less scrutinizing in her glances . you propose to me ? ” merri , st. sulpice and st. eustache . the guardhouse door ! ” replied athos . the massive door covered with long <unk> nails , he fell into the midst of a troop of swordsmen , who crossed one another in their passage , calling out , quarreling , and playing tricks one with another . priests . cried buckingham , “ i really think he threatens me ! ” if , like us , your excellency lived at leghorn , you would hear , from time to time , that a little merchant vessel ,	66.00544738769531
or an english yacht that was expected at bastia , at porto-ferrajo , or at civita vecchia , has not arrived ; no one knows what has become of it , but , doubtless , it has struck on a rock and foundered . began to blow upon the housekeeping of the rue des <unk> is to say , when the forty pistoles of king louis xiii . man stopped short , not in admiration of raphael ’ s picture , but as if fascinated at the sight of some terrible object . deep reverie . carry away with me the recollection of such sweet moments , i could even thank you for <unk> me , for it leaves me a gleam of hope , that if you	70.35345458984375
did not expect me ( and that indeed would be worse than vanity to suppose ) , at least i was in your thoughts . say in your defense ? ” asked bradshaw of the king . require them , bertuccio will sell them , and he expects to realize thirty or forty thousand francs by the sale . ” that i promise to do all you wish if you allow me to accompany you where you are going . ” m. de tréville himself . , then , to abandon her to the common law ? ’ said carlini . hand over his brow to remove the drops of perspiration that burst forth , and rose in his turn with a nervous movement he could not repress	54.08913040161133
. hand , put out the flame as quickly as i could , lighted my taper in the fire itself , and opened the crumpled paper with inexpressible emotion , recognizing , when i had done so , that these characters had been traced in mysterious and sympathetic ink , only appearing when exposed to the fire ; nearly <unk> of the paper had been consumed by the flame . ” said château-renaud . ” grandmother , and left with her handkerchief to her eyes ; at the door she found the valet de chambre , who told her that the doctor was waiting in the dining-room . you ever thought that seven times 1,700,000 francs make nearly twelve millions ? during the whole day , to trace	78.69196319580078
her plan of conduct . said , “ bragelonne must be a charming place . kitty ; i have this one safe . ” them ? ” at béthune was still younger than you , madame , and yet she is dead , ” said d ’ artagnan . , benedetto appeared , if not a victim to , at least an instance of , the <unk> of the law . things just as they are ; besides , you are neither of you now your own masters ; he belongs to the fronde and you to the queen of england . : this was not all . done , then , dear grandpapa ? ” said valentine ; “ you no longer seem to love any of	42.544151306152344
us ? ” of me . severe struggle in the mind of caderousse ; it was plain that the small shagreen case , which he turned over and over in his hand , did not seem to him <unk> in value to the enormous sum which fascinated his gaze . which valentine and madame de villefort had just quitted . . his knees , to again kiss the feet of his preserver ; but d ’ artagnan , who had no longer a motive for staying so near the enemy , <unk> the testimonials of his gratitude . around her , and saw the cardinal behind , with a diabolical smile on his countenance . i think you are running a great risk of a prosecution for <unk>	50.22682189941406
of character . ” , maximilian ; how do you know that he does ? , remained majestic and intact in his susceptibility , till he came to this unlucky city of meung . , this fire indicates the presence of unpleasant neighbors ? ” the good curé again . let me die , for if i live i shall lose my reason and become mad . you wrote to me , i had this woman arrested , and gave her in charge to a loyal servant . down to breakfast ? a horse , or will you go afoot ? ” . of avoiding him the stranger jumped from his horse , and advanced to meet d ’ artagnan . and charming young man , ” said	67.5564193725586
mme . this young man of having given bad counsel ? ” bed , but that is not my fault , and it is you who have chosen it. ” with these words he drew in his turn and crossed swords with his adversary . i request it . ” ? ” asked raoul . m. de tréville thought it best to be first in making the complaint . <unk> all his qualities to his auditors ; and , as i have said , the auditors seeming to have great deference for the narrator , they every moment burst into fits of laughter . you accused ? ” that . ” uttered a terrible cry . hurry yourself a little , monsieur monk . ” . number of	51.08531951904297
other ways including checks , online payments and credit card donations . ready ? ” and fell back on the crupper of his horse . once from provence and spain ; that explains , if the portrait you showed me be like , the dark hue i so much admired on the visage of the noble catalan . ” advice which athos had once given him , and made his horse rear . is in me less strength to endure . all probability to la rochelle , and once <unk> ” which d ’ artagnan had generously relinquished . and as he advanced , after entering into the circle of light projected by the lamp , milady involuntarily drew back . , ” said andrea ; and he	91.51251220703125
placed ten gold louis in the hand of caderousse . present it was that you might adorn yourself therewith . see , ” said mazarin ; “ isn ’ t there still time to repair the evil ? my lord , blood will flow ; and may that blood fall back on those who cause it to flow ! ” one of the vergers , who bowed and proceeded toward the <unk> . your hand , young man . ” said milady , “ you must be either drunk or mad . , again become a <unk> , whom fourteen years of despair and ten of hope had rendered a <unk> in providence ? of a carriage . ” my angel , ” said d ’ artagnan ,	62.508827209472656
smiling ; “ that would be useless . ” i may put you at your ease , i tell you that i am generally called ‘ sinbad the sailor . ’ ” , and cipher perfectly , for when the fit seized him , he learned more in a day than others in a week . the four friends turned round . , my brave athos will die ! ” the house of a doctor of theology , whom i sometimes consult about my studies . ” only , your <unk> . ” before the d ’ estrées ’ s pavilion and not in another street . to-day what formerly the gentleman you do not know did for the queen ? ” against the imprudent man , who	60.26802062988281
thought by his strength alone to stay the tempest , and he fell against the wall . , and looked at both sea and land . his holiness , sire . ” us to transport them again to the enclosure surrounding m. de villefort ’ s house , and , behind the gate , half <unk> from view by the large chestnut-trees , which on all sides spread their luxuriant branches , we shall find some people of our acquaintance . in the name of the god before whom he must perhaps appear , to speak the truth . chevalier dessessart thus received four instead of one when it admitted d ’ artagnan . letter with apparent calmness and said , shaking his head : the cardinal ,	59.03011703491211
opening the door . if you see anything such a night as this , ” said porthos . and therefore i said , ‘ were our object money only ; ’ but we want something else , ” replied the gascon . our clothes . ” ” returned the sailor , “ i know their vessel . ” a pure ray , like a christian angel in the midst of <unk> , one of those chaste figures , those calm shadows , those soft visions , which seemed to veil its virgin brow before these marble <unk> . , softly <unk> here and there with silver tendrils , fell elegantly over his shoulders in <unk> curls ; his voice was still youthful , as if belonging to a	92.27582550048828
hercules of twenty-five , and his magnificent teeth , which he had preserved white and sound , gave an indescribable charm to his smile . destroyed your compromising letter ? ” blow right in his stomach , and felt it . touch me to the heart , ” said julie . of the person who rang at the gate , and demanded if it was not at no . he , showing it . ” said porthos , “ that to twist that damned milady ’ s neck would be a smaller sin than to twist those of these poor devils of huguenots , who have committed no other crime than singing in french the <unk> we sing in latin ? ” say the least . ” them	85.18953704833984
. mounted on the table , and , <unk> the wishes of his companion , placed his back securely against the wall and held out both hands . ; but feeling himself urged forward , and having neither the power nor the intention to resist , he mounted the steps , and was in an instant seated inside between two gendarmes ; the two others took their places opposite , and the carriage rolled heavily over the stones . he did not breathe a word about the other . poor father , sir . ” lord de winter , already prejudiced against me , and told him that his sister-in-law was a <unk> , a branded woman . , do you sleep there ? ” ? must be	48.05501174926758
saved ; as for my body , it is lost . ” friends turned , in spite of themselves , a last look on the rock , upon the menacing figure which pursued them and now stood out with a distinctness still . voice of de rochefort . d ’ avrigny to villefort , so loud that all might hear , “ poor barrois has led too <unk> a life of late ; accustomed formerly to ride on horseback , or in the carriage , to the four corners of europe , the monotonous walk around that armchair has killed <unk> blood has <unk> . ” her eyelids , and glance over her extended arm . d ’ if chapter 21 . which he could not account ,	85.29147338867188
made the lieutenant ’ s heart beat : he had no longer the assurance of youth ; experience had taught him the importance of past events . almost mad , stood speechless . ; this island is a mass of rocks , and does not contain an acre of land capable of cultivation . ” defiled , d ’ artagnan . ” my father , madame de villefort , and <unk> least , i understood it so . ” which had first attracted his eye , d ’ artagnan was convinced that it could not be there that his friend dwelt ; the towers , though solid and as if built yesterday , were open and broken . haydée , “ we halted on our march , and	77.41087341308594
found ourselves on the borders of a lake . monte cristo ; “ my dear viscount , how have you discovered that i did not like m. franz ! for me beyond the ditch ? ” aramis , “ i may have done some good ; so , my lord , deign to receive my most respectful homage ! to do so , ” was the reply ; “ but if i am not mistaken , the words ‘ in haste , ’ are written on the envelope of the letter which i brought . ” her to speculate , she having her bank and her stockbroker ; she speculated and lost . pretty , do you not ? ” days before us , ” said he to	42.8930549621582
his friends , “ well , if at the end of a fortnight i have found nothing , or rather if nothing has come to find me , as i , too good a catholic to kill myself with a pistol bullet , i will seek a good quarrel with four of his eminence ’ s guards or with eight englishmen , and i will fight until one of them has killed me , which , considering the number , can not fail to happen . . ” rushed out and stood on the other side of the door . think . of that noise ? ” in the general terms of use part of this license , apply to copying and distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works to	35.3238639831543
protect the project gutenberg™ concept and trademark . mere matter of precaution , ” answered the gascon . man , who carried in his hand something long and flexible rolled up , resembling a <unk> line . all , be a greater scoundrel than you have thought possible . ” alone shall answer you ; you have a sword by your side , i have one in my cane ; you have no witness , one of these gentlemen will serve you . aramis , “ this falls out very well . ” sir , ” continued eugénie , still quite calm ; “ you are astonished , i see ; for since this little affair began , i have not manifested the slightest opposition , and yet	54.901222229003906
i am always sure , when the opportunity arrives , to oppose a determined and absolute will to people who have not consulted me , and things which displease me . are in a constant state of change . companies than those which belonged to the red duke , as aramis had called him , often took part with the king ’ s musketeers in these quarrels . he lost two hours in his attempts , which were at last utterly useless . were in the middle of this wall , and enclosed the villefort and saint-méran coffins . ! ” cried the host . yield to the entreaties of her he had so ardently loved , called his sufferings to the assistance of his hatred . tell	83.75980377197266
you . ’ artagnan to be of bad augury . andrea cavalcanti ? ” asked danglars in amazement . of addressing the abbé busoni ? ” asked the visitor . you will show me the poor abbé ’ s room . ” all that he had seen and heard . through the gateway into the street , the wind blew open the cloak in which he was wrapped , although it was in the month of august , and lifted his hat , which the traveler seized with his hand the moment it had left his head , pulling it eagerly over his eyes . a gascon , ” reflected he , “ but he may be one for the cardinal as well as for me . planchet	35.5634651184082
, ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ and as a proof , there is a crown to drink my health . ” ” announced that something new and unexpected had taken place . answer me ! ” is the name the discontented give to their party . ” one at this moment ; but by this evening there will be four . ” said , with desperate politeness , “ it seems to me that you change your costume almost as rapidly as i have seen the italian mummers do , whom the cardinal mazarin brought over from <unk> and whom he doubtless took you to see during your travels in france . ” monsieur oliver cromwell , general of the army of the english nation .	60.57872772216797
” mind and matter been more apparent than now , and if it was not a sublime , it was , at least , a curious spectacle . but i think that either i have expressed myself badly or your majesty has imperfectly understood me . and phlegmatic as he was , he burst into a laugh which was quite excused by the strange masquerade before his <unk> falling over his shoes , sleeves <unk> up , and mustaches stiff with agitation . should i prefer it , after the effects i have seen produced ; but of course it is a secret , and i am not so indiscreet as to ask it of you . ” each <unk> object is a title ; mine , money	93.9873275756836
. albert , “ i am better informed than you are , and know who the owner of that horse was . ” others ? ” <unk> ’ s beaming smile change to a <unk> of grief . that cold and naked <unk> , who was accustomed to <unk> which heated the house from the hall to the boudoir ; she had not even one little <unk> whose apartment had been a conservatory of costly <unk> . intimate with <unk> you are , in fact ; one of the oldest of my parisian <unk> they will not find you at my house ; they will certainly ask me why i did not invite you . both sides of the road , and perceived monuments of a singular form	59.28568649291992
, and his mind now recalled all the details morcerf had related , and comparing them with his own situation , he felt sure that he must be on the appian way . replied , “ monsieur d ’ artagnan ’ s prediction has been accomplished ; they are calm , as if by enchantment . ” deep thought , as if he were fighting with himself ; then , going to a large cupboard closed with a triple lock , he took from it a bag of silver , and weighing it twice in his hands before he gave it to d ’ artagnan : , and hung down his head , without , however , ceasing to look at her , as if , fascinated by	47.51594924926758
this strange creature , he could not detach his eyes from her eyes . madame de saint-méran , without using any circumlocution , and as if fearing she had no time to lose , “ you wrote to me concerning the marriage of this child ? ” sure that it was your misfortune he <unk> ? ” prince de condé ? ” his armchair , he said , with an <unk> and <unk> air : do you always weep , mother , when i am away from you ? ” she said . guards , monsieur , upon our word as gentlemen ; but likewise , upon our word as gentlemen , ” added athos , knitting his brow , “ monsieur d ’ artagnan shall not leave	44.25299072265625
us . ” that marie michon , ” resumed athos , “ one of those wild creatures who are constantly <unk> the strangest ideas . lips the white , smooth brow the royal child presented to her with a gravity which already partook of etiquette . , ” replied the valet de chambre , “ the master of the <unk> came this morning to inform him that he had marked down a stag . i am alone in the world . ” ? ” you do not know of whom you purchased it ? ” my friend , fall from heaven . ” , then ? , sir ? ” asked morrel ; “ that i should renew my promise of remaining tranquil ? ” noirtier ’ s	37.643775939941406
eye remained fixed and firm , as if to imply that a promise did not suffice ; then it passed from his face to his hands . ” said he . well know , my sweet girl , ” said d ’ artagnan . bazin to fasten up his horse and that of aramis in the same manner . . ” <unk> ! of _la jeune amélie_ had , as he <unk> the land , mounted two small <unk> , which , without making much noise , can throw a four <unk> ball a thousand paces or so . ” said monte cristo . awkwardly let it fall ? ” beseech you , what ails you ? ” cried dantès , letting his chisel fall to the floor	54.61270523071289
. the point whence the light came , and to all the excitement of his dream succeeded the calmness of reality . you do not know is that i was carried off by bandits . ” you see , a very valuable animal , ” said maximilian . him , then ? ” the king , “ do you believe in the fidelity of yours ? ” the baldric of porthos and the handkerchief of aramis chapter v. the king ’ s musketeers and the cardinal ’ s guards chapter vi . found it , twisted it up together , and putting it into the expiring flame , set light to it . it is because i confide in that justice that i shall wait patiently and quietly	48.54515838623047
the good pleasure of your majesty . ” post of the red cross was sent for , and by successive inquiries they learned that athos was then lodged in fort l ’ evêque . his men were assembled on deck . de la boucherie . but keep whole ; that will be better , and you will be more useful to me . with the lion ’ s head , which cæsar wore when he wanted to greet his friends with a clasp of the hand . while on the contrary , the hundred pistoles feed their master . ” a plan ? ” , wife , ” said the former , “ this splendid diamond might all be ours , if we chose ! ” my munificence	65.91728973388672
, but it is in vain . . their horses with the bridles passed under their arms for fear of accident , and ate a morsel from their hands on the stones of the street , after they departed again . you not ? suspected that that which was deferred was not relinquished . house of <unk> , one of the best in florence . ” to our present manners , something like an infamous action ; but at that period people did not manage affairs as they do today . eyes kindled in secret , but he restrained himself . to look about him ; the hôtel de ville , a massive sixteenth century building , was on his right ; anyone could descend from the openings	75.17086029052734
in the tower , and examine every corner of the roof below , and andrea expected momentarily to see the head of a gendarme appear at one of these openings . when the abduction of mme . , while porthos broke the bottles and aramis gave orders , a little too late , that a confessor should be sent for . morcerf , “ a baron of a new creation . ” have not this little staircase , ” said monte cristo , opening a door concealed by the drapery . sir , if you please ; but you know that god , who loves martyrs , sometimes permits the innocent to be condemned . ” serve me as it did when we came over . ” this	57.20620346069336
money ? ” ” ’ artagnan ; “ you think of every one ; you are indeed a nobleman ! gave their beauty , whence , without doubt , comes the proverb , “ the most beautiful girl in the world can only give what she <unk> ” such as were rich gave in addition a part of their money ; and a vast number of heroes of that gallant period may be cited who would neither have won their spurs in the first place , nor their battles afterward , without the purse , more or less furnished , which their mistress fastened to the saddle bow . very words ; and if the marquis chooses to be candid , he will confess that they perfectly agree	120.04476165771484
with what his majesty said to him , when he went six months ago to consult him upon the subject of your <unk> his daughter . ” have us to do here , now that the king is dead ? ” palais-cardinal before richelieu gave it to the king . moments , and had heard the last words of the visitor . well , if you are afraid of his recovering ; for you know , if a wound in the head does not kill at once , it is cured in a week . ” when they find that they are not in sufficient force , ” said the comte de la fere . instead , therefore , of being at saint denis or at charenton ,	43.958900451660156
will be near compiegne or villars-cotterets . ” , my lord , ” said she , in order to gain time and make her adversary speak out . it is a matter of the utmost importance , edmond ! ” replied the old man . me , with a thousand roman crowns , which he had in ready money , on condition that i would have anniversary masses said for the repose of his soul , and that i would draw up a genealogical tree and history of his house . again ! ” said the count ; “ tell me till you are weary , that i have restored you to happiness ; you do not know how much i require this assurance . ” and he	51.010337829589844
hates him ; we are consequently not friends . ” drawing his foot from the <unk> and his leg from under the animal , and in a second he was on his feet again . to the bastile ? how strangely he expresses himself , count ! ” said julie . in the name of my father and of mercédès . ” the whites of their eyes . cried . your workmen as you need , and point out the tools they must bring . ” sounded , d ’ artagnan was at the place royale . exclaimed felton , on seeing the knife glitter in her hand . duke , so much the better , ” said the king , advancing toward the door . my offers	42.83189392089844
! will all either be imprisoned or hanged , ” thought the terrified d ’ artagnan , “ and i , no doubt , with them ; for from the moment i have either listened to or heard them , i shall be held as an accomplice . be dying with hunger , worn out with fatigue , ready to desert , gather like atoms of snow about the rolling ball as it hastens onward . with a foreigner than with a frenchman . ’ said he ; ‘ this man has gone , and for the moment has consequently escaped my vengeance ; but let us be united , as we were to have been , and then leave it to lord de winter to maintain his	76.69525909423828
own honor and that of his wife . ’ ” to be content with anything short of an entire retractation . ” we not ? ” ” said monte cristo ; “ do not let me lose both my companions . and in a voice trembling with hate and vengeance read “ d ’ artagnan . ” francs on account . ” ’ over , he could by no means account for this generous conduct on the part of thomson & french towards him ; and could only attribute it to some such selfish argument as this : “ we had better help a man who owes us nearly 300,000 francs , and have those 300,000 francs at the end of three months than hasten his ruin ,	65.91204071044922
and get only six or eight per cent of our money back again . ” he is as well as a man can be with four sword wounds in his body ; for you , without question , inflicted four upon the dear gentleman , and he is still very weak , having lost almost all his blood . repeated the cavalier a second time , letting his cloak fall , and leaving his face uncovered . . ” service to the duke in one <unk> killed time for him till eight o ’ clock in the evening ; then would come night , and with night , sleep . violent ! you ? ” fellow , you know i am starving , ” said debray : “	77.56576538085938
do not set him off on some long story . ” said danglars , who persisted in giving the young man that title . shall we be able to distinguish friends from foes ? ” ; i shall remain in italy for another year or two . ” dantès , but in providence , who , while <unk> the power of man , has filled him with boundless desires . do they not ? ” toward mousqueton , that he might forgive him for finishing an enterprise so brilliantly begun by another , he glided like a serpent through the opening and disappeared . ” prevent mm . of italian the baron had learned from hearing his daughter sing italian <unk> with cavalcanti . , ” said athos	94.99596405029297
, smiling ; “ and we shall not be made <unk> of the order this time . ” strike seven . , and do not <unk> ” the general , again daunted by the superiority of the chief , hesitated a moment ; then advancing to the president ’ s desk , — “ what is the form , said he . is one by that <unk> , which is the only thing in the room to remind me that there are other leaves in the world besides leaves of paper . ” valentine ; but how shall i ascertain ? ” <unk> remember , the sixteen hundred francs he earned at the siege of la rochelle by carrying a letter to lord de <unk> has set up	61.70591354370117
a little shop in the rue des lombards and is now a confectioner . ” ; fortunately he recovered . m. d ’ avrigny , with a slow and solemn tone , “ if anyone falls ill in your house , if you feel yourself attacked , do not send for me , for i will come no more . to flight will return reinforced ; if they find us here , we are lost . i did not feel myself sufficiently prepared for ordination , and at my request the ceremony was postponed for a year . ” he said , “ many dreadful things , but nothing that ever agitated me so much as what i have just witnessed . on additionally in the midst of	61.43244171142578
all this was the remembrance of the cardinal . ask for some men of good will for a dangerous mission , but one which will do honor to those who shall accomplish it ; and i made you a sign in order that you might hold yourself in readiness . ” standing , and without sleep . to fall into company with mordaunt , whom i bade you distrust ? ” asked athos . , gentlemen , i admire you . young traveler manifested so loudly for this man , <unk> rather improbable <unk> stolen his father ’ s letter from <unk> there not some perfidy concealed under this hatred ? door himself , and as the carriage rolled away he passed up the walk , rang ,	79.36930084228516
and entered the open door with his servant . aramis by a movement of his lips endorsed athos . madame , was my arrest ; but you do not know how long that arrest lasted . count bought a rock ? ” said d ’ artagnan , sighing , “ we are unfortunately no longer in those times in which princes would care to assassinate me . not impossible . follow me ! ” week , with the instinct of a <unk> , hunting by himself . as if no danger hovered over him , and as if he breathed his customary atmosphere . . ” i must . ” this time his legs did not tremble , and his sight was clear ; he went to a	55.825199127197266
corner of his dungeon , detached a stone , and with it knocked against the wall where the sound came . cæsar borgia , knew the value of time ; and , in order to avoid fruitless toil , he sounded all the other walls with his pickaxe , struck the earth with the butt of his gun , and finding nothing that appeared suspicious , returned to that part of the wall whence issued the consoling sound he had before heard . spy upon his wife . ” that he came for quite another purpose , monsieur cardinal ; but if the queen be guilty , let her tremble ! ” moment in which she has just obtained from richelieu a _carte blanche_ by the means of	86.70429229736328
which she is about to take vengeance on her enemy , this precious paper is torn from her hands , and it is d ’ artagnan who holds her prisoner and is about to send her to some filthy botany bay , some infamous tyburn of the indian ocean . road to picardy , a road so well known to them and which recalled to athos and aramis some of the most picturesque adventures of their youth . looked at each other for some time in silence . the french army . ’ you ? ” room ! ” said the same voice . usual post or whether it was by accident , monsieur bernouin was found standing behind the door and must have heard all that had	84.03884887695312
passed . be visible . ” small quantity of this with a gilt spoon , and offered it to morrel , fixing a long steadfast glance upon him . ” by any accident return , think of me . ’ on his foot and porthos began to understand that this was merely acting . had heard the evening before in the ruins of the colosseum . still ali , thanks to his wild nature , and the count , thanks doubtless to his long confinement , could distinguish in the darkness the slightest movement of the trees . entered , bringing <unk> filled with ices and sherbet , which they placed on two small tables appropriated to that purpose . after the disappearance of the officer , when	78.99739074707031
the door opened , and a new personage entered . society ; i live alone ; i am sick of <unk> mind preys on itself . ” look very gloomy , madame . ” ; like you , i hesitated , but the count ’ s eloquence <unk> me . ” regain the house , assisted by your nurse . ” replied mousqueton , his eyes filling with tears , “ why did you re-enter the army ? barony was perhaps dependent on that affair . piquant <unk> and a <unk> of beef . ” require someone to answer for me ? ” and i am his slave ; he has the right to notice nothing . ” by three nights without sleep and a journey of seventy	61.767852783203125
leagues on horseback , retired to his cabin and went to sleep . is seventy if he yet lives ; i only love him and a young girl called mercédès . the ante-room , as i wish to speak to you alone . ” can not . ” the duke ; and at the same time he sprang toward his sword . greatest importance , that demands my immediate presence in paris . ” a well-bred dog it is only necessary to show one end of a track ; he is certain to reach the other . ” to the left , so that the soldier will be at your right , as soon as he mounts on the bench to talk to us . ” praise of	48.76367950439453
mademoiselle danglars ’ voice , and on his regret , after what he had just heard , that he had been unable to be present the previous evening . monte cristo at such an hour , his mysterious , fanciful , and extraordinary entrance into her room through the wall , might well seem impossibilities to her shattered reason . which do not depend upon a man or the issue of an event ; it is to these powers we should rally . ” we will live and die together ! ” cried he , pressing his lips to those of the prisoner . ; andrea spoke with perfect composure , he had a cigar in his mouth , and his hands in the pocket of his top	71.27772521972656
coat ; his clothes were <unk> made , his chin smooth , his boots irreproachable ; he looked merely as if he had stayed out very late , that was all . been appointed governor of a province , and if the queen should consent to be <unk> it could be only of her grandson or granddaughter . longer any doubt but that it is himself , ” said he . finish his sentence completely , and bowed in sign of assent . forced to hold his tongue from not comprehending half the language they employed . that , and he may know what to answer you . ” out with fatigue . . , princess , that if your reputation did not depend on precautions and if	94.56034851074219
my life alone were <unk> ” was evidently not peculiar to himself ; another , and wholly <unk> person , felt the same unaccountable awe and misgiving . said athos , in the same language , “ if there are two parliaments , a pure and an <unk> ? ” roast <unk> garnished with corsican <unk> ; a <unk> ’ s ham with <unk> , a quarter of a kid with tartar <unk> , a glorious <unk> , and a gigantic <unk> . them too little for you not to divine them . ” ? , ” said <unk> “ yes , grief , doctor ! let us talk about it , since you desire it , ” replied aramis , patiently . it to me , then	64.57665252685547
, madame , who know what they are ; but you wished to be <unk> , and consequently to lend at usury . ” ” asked milady . reflected ! ” said the prisoner , sitting down in her armchair , with a smile of disdain ; “ and i also have reflected . ” ; have it your own way . ” when you left me that you went to visit her . ” ? ” asked aramis . the king comes of age he will issue his commands himself , and ’ tis far pleasanter to obey the grandson of henry iv . the englishman , “ i practice shooting every day , and every other day grisier comes to my house . ” sound of	43.2519645690918
a piece of furniture being removed . , ” he cried , with an expression of stupefaction in his face ; “ you haven ’ t the heart to kill me ! ” intention you followed me ? ” asked the young woman , with a coquettish smile , whose somewhat bantering character resumed its influence , and with whom all fear had disappeared from the moment in which she recognized a friend in one she had taken for an enemy . make you pay for keeping this terrible secret ? the king , with hauteur . , your excellency ! ” cried the steward , struck with terror at this threat , “ if that is the only reason i can not remain in your service ,	43.10454559326172
i will tell all , for if i quit you , it will only be to go to the scaffold . ” he died of <unk> in dreadful <unk> ” then turning to the crew , he said , “ bear a hand there , to take in sail ! ” ’ artagnan returned to his companions . i found that the floor gave a hollow sound near the head of the bed , and at the hearth . ” through this opening . ” think existence worth anything to a man of twenty , as you are , and who may hope for everything , being handsome and brave , as you are . ” . ” will not strike me as i go down . ”	41.24649429321289
<unk> : one first , ” added he . it proves that we know how to keep our secrets . ” had recovered his self-command , and with a glance indicated the closet where once before under somewhat similar circumstances , he had taken refuge . books , i am satisfied with my food , and do not care to walk about ; but i wish to see the governor . ” think of it , and yet i must tell you that we are beginning to occupy ourselves greatly with these things under our popular government . ” of his mind , though <unk> and even <unk> so , had procured for the abbé unusual privileges . my life to reading and studying these one hundred and	76.01387786865234
fifty volumes , till i knew them nearly by heart ; so that since i have been in prison , a very slight effort of memory has enabled me to recall their contents as readily as though the pages were open before me . and soon returned with what edmond wanted . of detecting the secret of the grotto ; he consequently despatched his breakfast , and , his boat being ready , he hastened on board , and they were soon under way . aramis jumped up . worthy jailer what favor i this instant solicited of him . ” their several posts , except that grimaud lay on a truss of straw across the doorway . not forsaken him . , and in three days he	101.64881134033203
had succeeded , with the utmost precaution , in removing the cement , and exposing the <unk> . fool for having said anything about it , ” said a voice from the top of the stairs . replied , “ and my protector is very kind . ” answer , ” replied athos . ! ’ a queen or a goddess ; her eyes , which cast the brilliancy of emeralds , were perfectly beautiful , and yet were at the same time full of sweetness and majesty . was dead ? ” although i am sure that general oliver cromwell can intend them no harm , it would have a bad appearance . ” with his estate of épinay . ’ s cell was paved , and	42.33609390258789
it had been by raising one of the stones in the most obscure corner that faria had been able to commence the laborious task of which dantès had witnessed the <unk> . said athos , “ this delay is not natural ; they took the shortest route and should have arrived before we did . ” rendezvous , had encountered there the adversary indicated , whose name he had never known , had given him a pretty <unk> on the arm , then had gone toward aramis , who at the same time came to meet him , having already finished his affair . the attitude of distrust that was habitual with him . debray , who was present at the explanation . ” to the reading of	67.74591064453125
the contract , which half paris assembled was to sign . your name , or remain _incognito_ ? ” asked the captain . you may be sure of it . ” louise , breathing freely , “ here we are out of paris . ” , this morning , two frenchmen , who seemed to me of high <unk> short , two knights of the <unk> said to myself , my fortune is made . . ” gloomy and silent death , the piazza del popolo presented a spectacle of gay and noisy mirth and revelry . winter , whose voice they heard , whilst his men , quitting their ranks , dispersed all over the plain . , ” replied broussel , “ what is this order	62.193023681640625
? ” and he held out his hand . then , that you are about to accord , sire , it is justice . ” . sum ; a banker never loses an opportunity of <unk> his capital . ” master d ’ artagnan , ” continued the leader , raising his voice . told <unk> him . ’ , and seemed again to experience all the sensations he had felt when the coarse canvas , yet moist with the cold dews of death , had touched his face . , tréville , ” said the king ; “ perhaps you did not know it ? ” an indescribable desire to know what was going on in the dungeon of his unfortunate friend . from that time till	39.803436279296875
midnight . guards appeared at the door of the antechamber , but seeing four musketeers standing , and their swords by their sides , they hesitated about going farther . fere lodges in the rue guenegaud , hotel du grand roi charlemagne . ” , the pure parliament . ” , launched by porthos ’ herculean hand , passed so close to d ’ artagnan ’ s face that he thought that if , instead of passing near , it had hit him , his audience would have been probably lost , as it would have been impossible for him to present himself before the king . porthos ; “ armentières ? the ring and exerted all his strength ; the <unk> yielded , and disclosed steps that	76.8419418334961
descended until they were lost in the obscurity of a subterraneous grotto . mercédès , and saw why her noble heart had not opposed the sacrifice she knew beforehand would be useless . d ’ artagnan , “ on quitting tarbes and coming hither , it was my intention to request of you , in remembrance of the friendship which you have not forgotten , the uniform of a musketeer ; but after all that i have seen during the last two hours , i comprehend that such a favor is enormous , and tremble lest i should not merit it . ” , who has brought it and is charged with its execution . ” had anything to do with this matter . it is a providence	69.41866302490234
that we have not been discovered . of it . the first place , to ask me to take a turn with you ? ” , ” said athos , “ are many , but be assured we shall take no improper advantage of them . ” to make a display of a challenge . cloaks , in whose drapery they were carefully enveloped ; one of them , shorter than the rest , remained <unk> in the background . duke ? ” cried richelieu . ” replied he . athos ; “ don ’ t let us drink wine which comes from an unknown source . ” he , “ there is the work complete . himself that this beloved relative might be killed in the field	42.59074401855469
. spite of my terrors , in spite of my agony , i began to feel a devouring hunger . agreed , and not with me ; he even has in his pocket a letter from that person , who <unk> great importance to you , as i have heard him say . ” the same object , but suddenly his glance was transferred from the wife to the husband , and villefort himself had to submit to the searching investigation of eyes , which , while changing their direction and even their language , had lost none of their menacing expression . time that he was dumb ; he answers only by signs . <unk> , who are dead ; and when he was alone in the	66.5014419555664
world , i tried by absolute devotion to his will , to make up to him all he had done for me during ten years of <unk> kindness . true , ” said d ’ artagnan , in a low tone . this fine story , sire ? ” asked tréville , quietly . is he not ? ” asked château-renaud of debray . , then ? ” asked athos . as the face of an epicure who finds himself before a well spread table , so la ramee , when receiving his plate of soup from grimaud , presented a type of perfect bliss . cried mousqueton , with open arms and eyes full of tears . die ? ” said she . faithful servants . ”	45.32330322265625
” , thank god ! danglars received a most flattering epistle from the count , in which he entreated her to receive back her favorite “ dappled grays , ” <unk> that he could not endure the idea of making his entry into the parisian world of fashion with the knowledge that his splendid equipage had been obtained at the price of a lovely woman ’ s regrets . such a night as this , pitch dark , when one does not see more than twenty yards before one ? ” <unk> scene was wholly changed ; scaffold , executioners , victims , all had disappeared ; only the people remained , full of noise and excitement . ” said the prisoners ; — “ anyone can see	106.67521667480469
he ’ s a gentleman ! ” said d ’ artagnan , “ he will know all before night . ” who is deceased . ” fortieth year . a moment with the sad and gentle smile of a man superior to his fellows . i delight in stories , ” cried the cardinal . wife to come up . milady ; “ i a protestant ? aramis , who was not quite so indifferent to the good things of the earth as athos , “ do you remember , when we were at parpaillot , the beautiful oysters that we ate ? ” —to paris ! he , “ my good friends are down yonder , and they will not allow me to be carried away without	47.11330795288086
a struggle . , yes ! ” said porthos and d ’ artagnan , at the same time ; “ we are coming nearer to it now . ” worship wish for ? ” you were conducted yesterday . ” ? ” send edward to you for a short time ? ” asked scarron ; “ is he not a man of good birth ? ” it may be observed , with equal dignity and saintly propriety . try and be on good terms with everybody , at all events , ” said monte cristo . gentlemen ; come , m. villefort , for a declaration to be available , should be made before the <unk> authorities . ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ to this <unk>	38.687400817871094
is probably added poverty , for he must have neglected the little that he had , and the dirty scoundrel , grimaud , more taciturn than ever and still more drunken than his <unk> , planchet , it breaks my heart to merely think of it . ” he , “ i have an idea . ” ” said athos , “ i ride horses when i have any ; when i have none , i go afoot . ” indian . ” <unk> in all its branches , and dancing . as a brother about to go for a mere walk takes leave of his sister , kissing her hand . is enclosed by enormous walls , over which the sun glances <unk> , when it deigns	99.41630554199219
to penetrate into this gulf of moral and physical <unk> . of retreat have been formed for a long time . can never forget the pale complexion and black eyes of the young soldier , and whenever the angel of death summons me to another world , i am quite sure i shall recognize selim . very much , ” said he . ” added the young man , turning to the two guards , whom he introduced to his friends . corridor by forming a side opening about the middle , as it were the top part of a cross . then . ” letter came from milady . mazarin , almost choked , and clasping his hands ; “ i am a lost and ruined man	52.61149978637695
! ” villefort , and has taken her arm ; see , they are following us , both in white dresses , one with a bouquet of camellias , the other with one of myosotis . . ” hung upon the arm of porthos , and in the violence of her grief she cried out , “ monsieur porthos , i am ignorant of all such matters ! the young man . said caderousse , putting the diamond on his little finger ; “ i was mistaken ; but those thieves of jewellers imitate so well that it is no longer worthwhile to rob a jeweller ’ s <unk> is another branch of industry paralyzed . ” and bound , was placed upon the hearth , the fire	58.43067932128906
of which had been previously extinguished by the two friends . said athos , “ this is what i expected from such hearts as yours . own conscience was not quite clear on politics ; besides , what dantès had told him of his interview with the grand-marshal , and what the emperor had said to him , embarrassed him . minutes aramis arrived , accompanied by grimaud and eight or ten followers . extraordinary in it ; but the hesitation with which he proceeded , stopping and listening with anxious attention at every step he took , convinced franz that he expected the arrival of some person . i taste one of them ! ” murmured porthos to himself , and then said aloud , “ thank	60.41090393066406
you , my cousin , i am no longer hungry . ” with a joy that was not unmixed with fear ; he would have preferred an obstinate resistance on the part of the cardinal to this sudden yielding . , ” returned the count , smiling , “ that you played a sufficiently important part to know as well as myself what happened . ” me to make a confidant of a friend and reveal to him the love i bear you ? ” going to the queen ? ” madame , yes , i did feel fear ; and though i have been through twelve pitched battles and i can not count how many charges and <unk> , i own for the third time in my	54.55907440185547
life i was afraid . , morrel was not even out of breath , for love lends wings to our desires ; but barrois , who had long forgotten what it was to love , was <unk> fatigued by the expedition he had been constrained to use . quay to match a piece of <unk> cloth , when i met friend danglars . ! , ” said la meilleraie , retreating a few steps . a magnificent dress covered with splendid embroidery , admiring himself before a glass . ? ” demanded the count . prophet , then , ” said valentine , smiling . that of bracieux , an estate which has been a barony , by my troth . ” difficult to descend . ” said	66.64350128173828
, without you i can do nothing ; and i am afraid you will refuse me the favor i come to ask if you do not know to what end i ask it . ” that some misfortune has happened to them on the way . ” three musketeers were much attached to their young comrade . the young man to the sentinel . carriage ? ” exclaimed albert . count seized with his left hand the assassin ’ s wrist , and wrung it with such strength that the knife fell from his stiffened fingers , and caderousse uttered a cry of pain . ” replied the cardinal , dryly . <unk> millionaires ; they are regular <unk> . did they go out ? ” , have	37.87135696411133
made this match ? ” asked beauchamp . the advice . ” curiosity , but it is not everyone who likes to be made the centre of observation and the subject of unpleasant remark . ” a house to themselves . that the barrel of a musket which <unk> yonder ? tell me in what convent that woman is ? ” long one , and when he returned the kid was roasted and the repast ready . uniform of the guards , which , next to that of the musketeers , was most admired by the ladies . to do with the poor creature , and how shall i ever meet her again ? ” her , ” said monte cristo , “ as i told you ,	40.97490310668945
albert , with the emerald which formed a match to the one i had made into a box for the purpose of holding my hashish pills . ” , indeed , ” grumbled the host , drawing near to d ’ artagnan , and endeavoring by this little flattery to make up matters with the young man , as the heron of the fable did with the <unk> he had despised the evening before . him by athos , he headed the small procession , bearing the torch in one hand and the musket in the other , until it reached de winter ’ s inn , when <unk> on the <unk> with his fist , he bowed to my lord and faced about without a word .	56.50948715209961
. shall abandon you , dear grandpapa , and that i shall forget you when i am married ? ” such treatment , arose , pale and trembling ; it would be difficult to say whether his emotion were caused by fear or passion . ” replied aramis ; “ you would make me weep , if such a thing were possible . ” ” end of this worthy man ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . much effort , it must be confessed , for only one of the officers was armed , and even he defended himself for form ’ s sake . a sort of valley , he perceived a circular excavation . the door inside , and open it to nobody unless you hear	51.38581085205078
three taps like this ; ” and he tapped <unk> taps close together and pretty hard , the other after an interval , and lighter . and invited them to enter . ” said julie , remembering valentine , but whom , with a delicacy natural to women , she did not name before her brother . and was seized with pleasure . first ? ” muttered villefort , saluting the minister , whose career was ended , and looking about him for a hackney-coach . , ” mousqueton had said ; “ he is thinking of groslow . ” hunting and <unk> , and had one day when conversing on this great art astonished even louis xiii . ! ” cried the young man , who uttered	82.63859558105469
these three successive exclamations with constantly increasing force . s servant , and must go wherever that service calls you . ” really so two hours ago . ” “ the officer who commands here in my absence you have already seen , and therefore know him . thought of the moment when , from the top of that wall , he should protect the descent of his dear valentine , pressing in his arms for the first time her of whom he had yet only kissed the delicate hand . , ” said the man in a gown , whom he addressed ; “ a plague on ’ t ! upright young man . ; degradation took away two-thirds of her greatness . which served as stirrups	112.3374252319336
, in a moment we were <unk> upon the croupe ; we were well placed and saw everything . be listening attentively and as affectionately as his <unk> would allow to the abbé busoni , who looked cold and calm , as usual . room ? ” chavigny for having , as he said , <unk> his <unk> for him ; he then divided the walls of his room into compartments and <unk> each of these compartments to some incident in mazarin ’ s life . caderousse , “ when you have access to countless stores . ” morrel , —he has stayed behind sick at palma ; but please god , it won ’ t be much , and you will see him in a few days	83.07295989990234
all alive and hearty . ” of your alarms , madame , ” said the count , carefully examining the child , “ but i assure you there is not the slightest occasion for uneasiness ; your little charge has not received the least injury ; his insensibility is merely the effects of terror , and will soon pass . ” not that , my dear friend , which awaits me beneath the sombre rocks of monte cristo , it is your presence , our living together five or six hours a day , in spite of our jailers ; it is the rays of intelligence you have elicited from my brain , the languages you have implanted in my memory , and which have taken root there	67.34764862060547
with all their <unk> <unk> . the kingdom , my lord , ” said d ’ artagnan . gazed for some time upon the great city . again soon ? ” gentlemen , ” said athos , “ that porthos has made the best bargain of any of us . ” subterranean retreat at the expiration of five minutes , he found the abbé seated upon a wooden stool , leaning his elbow on a table , while <unk> , whose animosity seemed appeased by the unusual command of the traveller for refreshments , had crept up to him , and had established himself very comfortably between his knees , his long , <unk> neck resting on his <unk> , while his dim eye was fixed earnestly on	53.34541702270508
the traveller ’ s face . , clinging to a window . in a letter . ” said the young girl , “ take some of this lemonade ; i see you are coveting a good draught of it . ” then ? ’ — ‘ to your new master . ’ fever , ” said she ; “ i have not slept a single instant during all this long night . someone knows it <unk> is in possession of our secret ; and since monte cristo speaks before us of a child disinterred , when that child could not be found , it is he who is in possession of our secret . ” ” said morrel , whose face was suffused , as he thought that	38.13111114501953
, for the first time in his life , he would be unable to honor his own signature . king wished to be called louis the just and louis the chaste . ” to give you such reasons ? on , the two young men and the poor lackey descended . ” give up that good monsieur broussel , dead or alive , and all would be at an end . ” may not take advantage of this rendezvous to seize us ? ” , ” he said , thrusting his hand through the opening , “ where are we going ? ” ” ” that , ” said danglars , angry at this <unk> of the jest , — “ as for that you won ’ t	37.97618865966797
get them at all . ” cried a voice , “ that i am not too old yet for a man of action . ” would be useless . morcerf and i have talked about this marriage , but madame de morcerf and albert—— ” find a good musket , twelve cartridges , and a powder flask very useless in the face of an enemy . ” sir ; nothing can be more agreeable to me ; only do not allow me to be insulted . ” ” doctor and the cry of the father , the servants all fled with muttered imprecations ; they were heard running down the stairs and through the long passages , then there was a rush in the court , afterwards all	65.78402709960938
was still ; they had , one and all , deserted the accursed house . marseilles ? ” andrea still more than his ideas ; ideas were but the <unk> , the plan was reality . best . ” perfectly solvent , ” replied danglars , with an almost mocking smile ; “ but the word <unk> , in financial affairs , is so extremely vague . ” ” returned monte cristo negligently ; “ since i have this , i will keep it . ” whatever i may be , ” she added , hardly restraining herself from kissing that pure brow , “ let us see what profession you wish to follow . ” monsieur <unk> his study ! ” villefort pushed , or rather forced	73.40775299072266
, the door open . the road toward paris , aramis , who had followed in the cardinal ’ s suite , turned back . not enough , —i can not again become an honest man with less than thirty thousand francs . ” the apartments , held up three fingers of his right hand , and then , placing it beneath his head , shut his eyes , and feigned to sleep . as if to follow the carriage ; but d ’ artagnan , whose anger , already excited , was much increased by recognizing in him the englishman of amiens who had won his horse and had been very near winning his diamond of athos , caught at his bridle and stopped him . and	56.647377014160156
means of gratifying them , ” continued danglars , “ you will exhibit a splendor that must effectually put us poor miserable millionaires quite in the shade . , honor and wit , not to mention likewise that he is a man of undoubted resolution . . had no other worthy of their excellencies ; but the travelers declared they would sleep in the common chamber , each on a mattress which might be thrown upon the ground . he wanted , he paid for the hypocras , which he did not drink , and went quickly back to the rue tiquetonne . table , but it was more to examine the admirable emerald than to see the pills that it passed from hand to hand . said	96.76304626464844
la carconte , as she placed a bottle of wine on the table , ‘ supper is ready whenever you are . ’ fifteen , ” replied peppino . will never take place , ” said beauchamp . , and attribute this violence to what i suffer . . not like to live in the rue aux ours . myself at the café de paris , ” murmured danglars . as they always do . ” any appearance of affectation , and asked d ’ artagnan in the most careless manner possible if he had ever been in england . only regret if the horse had not proved good . ” we once rendered anne of austria a service not much less than that which to-day we are	50.46200942993164
trying to perform for charles i. ; but , none the less , anne of austria has forgotten us for twenty years . ” ” he said , “ if you will make haste , we shall yet have time to finish the night at torlonia ’ s . in coming from the yard to this place ; then my strength gave out and i fainted again . ” s room . ” six o ’ clock with as much impatience as the duke himself . aramis , “ how did you manage it ? ” by him who died for us that naught shall induce me to breathe one syllable to my jailers ; but i conjure you do not abandon me . towards him with looks	44.94528579711914
of love , and approached the couch on which he was <unk> , their feet hidden in their long white <unk> , their <unk> bare , hair flowing like waves , and assuming attitudes which the gods could not resist , but which saints <unk> , and looks inflexible and ardent like those with which the serpent charms the bird ; and then he gave way before looks that held him in a <unk> grasp and delighted his senses as with a voluptuous kiss . into lorraine , disappeared all at once , and ceased to write to his friends ; they learned at a later period through mme . ” uttered a falsehood and am never deceived . his infancy , either by an enemy of his	117.6410140991211
noble family or by the gypsies . ’ ” tenderly , as i told your excellency , and i resolved not to send the money , but to take it to him myself . of experiencing a vague and <unk> sense of coming danger , i placed myself blindly and devotedly at your service , asking no other reward than the pleasure of being useful to you ; and have i ever since , by word or look , given you cause of regret for having selected me from the numbers that would willingly have sacrificed their lives for you ? carriage had just now stopped before the count of monte cristo ’ s door . two hundred crowns . ” said the count , “ you have	68.39356994628906
been in my service one year , the time i generally give myself to judge of the merits or <unk> of those about me . a hundred <unk> , yes , die ! ” placing his hand upon his hip . seized one of the young man ’ s hands and placed it on the mane , which it grasped with the <unk> of a drowning man . all sides . ? ” said she . said caderousse . the <unk> cavalcanti and the marchesa oliva corsinari . would have been such a powerful protector to me in the days of your health and strength , can now only sympathize in my joys and sorrows , without being able to take any active part in them . else	58.542259216308594
than that , i imagine , ” muttered d ’ artagnan , shaking his head <unk> . and taking a letter from his <unk> , presented it to raoul . does not date from our days ; as soon as societies , in forming , had invented any kind of police , that police invented <unk> . and pretty mme . , during which valentine , breathless and motionless , watched steadfastly over morrel . what else was opera invented for ? ” spat in the face of the captive monarch athos grasped his dagger . turned a few steps back . planchet when he saw d ’ artagnan on the summit of the ladder , “ this way is easy for monsieur aramis and even for you	84.03179931640625
; in case of necessity i might also climb up , but my two horses can not mount the ladder . ” than going to m. danglars ? ” ” he asked , pointing to the captain ’ s cabin . noirtier . turned the corner of the thicket ; he found rita senseless in the arms of cucumetto . you must perish ! ” said d ’ artagnan . , ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ listen to the noise of the people ; you will perceive that it resembles that of thunder . ” overcome . hot-headed then— ” ? ” said milady ; “ oh , my god ! ask you , ” replied the baroness with a beating heart . ” expect to	31.556222915649414
see you before tomorrow . ” noirtier . ” . ” at once to see you . ” with it , will you not ? ” while to see whether the storm seemed to <unk> in its fury , but a brief space of time sufficed to assure him that , instead of <unk> , the violence of the rain and thunder momentarily increased ; resigning himself , therefore , to what seemed inevitable , he bade his host good-night , and mounted the stairs . walked toward a mirror . he sent for me to his house , gave me money for my journey , procured a horse , and made me promise not to stop till i had reached you , i have come in fifteen	55.67702102661133
hours . ” out no longer ; she broke the silence . on a cough , the cough an inflammation of the lungs , or some other complaint <unk> in the book of science , which , however , by no means <unk> it from being decidedly mortal ; and if it were not , would be sure to become so , thanks to the remedies applied by foolish doctors , who are generally bad chemists , and which will act in favor of or against the malady , as you please ; and then there is a human being killed according to all the rules of art and skill , and of whom justice learns nothing , as was said by a terrible chemist of my acquaintance	81.5497817993164
, the worthy abbé adelmonte of <unk> , in sicily , who has studied these national <unk> very profoundly . ” , ” said morrel , “ you hold bills of mine ? ” ” said mazarin , with a grimace which he always made when spoken to about money . again when it pleased god , and if it pleased god . even . ” deny it ! ” added villefort , extending his hand toward her , as though to seize her in the name of justice . ! ” and while saying these words , she absolutely devoured her by her looks . , ’ returned carlini . i am patiently to submit to your refusal ? ” ” said porthos , “ it appears	47.03841018676758
there ’ s something fresh here . ” ? ” said the <unk> “ ate dormice ? ” as often as you can ; that is to say , as often as you can with safety . giving the key to d ’ avrigny , again bade farewell to the strange doctor , and retired to his study , where he began to work . danglars , “ the horses were not sufficiently quiet for you ; they were scarcely four years old , and they made me extremely uneasy on your account . ” more indistinct ; a tumultuous movement shook the partition . the painful efforts which the old man made to drag himself along ; his leg was <unk> , and he could no longer	49.545509338378906
make use of one arm . sign to take up his basket and to walk on first . see , ” said the doctor ; “ what you tell me seems very <unk> ” the notary here descended , and valentine was informed that her grandmother was alone . me lose the thread of my sentence . ” , occupying the whole width of the street and taking in every musketeer they met , so that in the end it became a triumphal march . ? said , “ and you have still preserved this love in your <unk> can only love once—and did you ever see her again ? ” aramis , “ but that one word is the name of some town or village . ”	63.85468673706055
, ” said aramis , “ but if these gentlemen like a cool retreat under the trees , and perfect seclusion , i will get the key from the hotel de rohan and we shall be well suited . ” cristo had been for a long time familiar with the ways of parisian society , he would have appreciated better the significance of the step which m. de villefort had taken . saddle . ” each other . is done already . the four bottles were empty and this excellent specific succeeded in dissipating even the slightest cloud that might have rested on their spirits . he , “ they likewise have refused me . ” quite right . friend . to abide by all the terms of	63.55371856689453
this agreement , you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession . . out the little night lamp , then knelt down and poured into the lieutenant ’ s ear a recital <unk> enough not to require play of feature to give it <unk> . ” said the duke . the cellar all this time ? ” ” said mousqueton , “ that we have nothing to fight <unk> with but barley bread and <unk> beer . with paltry means . ” make up for her want of loyalty , i will be most <unk> severe ; ” then casting an expressive glance at his betrothed , which seemed to say , “ fear not , for your	56.21959686279297
dear sake my justice shall be <unk> with mercy , ” and receiving a sweet and approving smile in return , villefort departed with paradise in his heart . now ? ” said morrel , <unk> noirtier ’ s thought this time by his look . i was so weak that every time i fainted i thanked god , for i thought i was about to die . ” replied monte cristo taking the hand held out to him by the general ; “ in this instance i may fairly and freely accept your thanks ; but you have already tendered them , and fully discharged your <unk> indeed there existed one—and i feel almost mortified to find you still <unk> to the subject . bring us peace	129.72291564941406
, we will give them war ; if they do not bring life , we will give them death. ’ and he renewed the flame of his lance with a gesture which made one think of <unk> of old <unk> but i , being only a little child , was terrified by this <unk> courage , which appeared to me both ferocious and senseless , and i recoiled with horror from the idea of the frightful death amidst fire and flames which probably awaited us . . ” <unk> i am saved ! ” june . ” ” cried planchet , “ so you are back again in paris . eyes gradually resumed their dull and glassy appearance and he fell into a profound reverie . guitant .	84.50768280029297
livery ; my livery will be known , ” replied porthos . being surprised in such a paroxysm of grief . said monte cristo ; “ i think i arrived just in time to obtain your signatures , or they would have been disputed with me . ” s attorney was named villefort ? ” asked monte cristo carelessly . in the most smiling and graceful manner . which i will explain by and by , of making an exception to the usual form of accusation . in all parts of the city . were , the two friends expected to find the same misery , the same fears , the same intrigue in the enemy ’ s camp ; but what was their surprise , after passing	47.87596893310547
saint denis , to hear that at saint germain people were singing and laughing , and leading generally cheerful lives . . alternately ; and the cardinal saw at once that he had recovered by a single blow all the ground he had lost . him , “ what is the use of teaching all these things to a poor sailor like me ? ” edmond replied , “ who knows ? appears to have devoted that house to god ’ s <unk> , who says your supposition is not reality ? ” resumed danglars , after a brief silence , “ i will endeavor to make myself understood , by requesting you to inform me for what sum you propose to draw upon me ? ” armentières	65.27859497070312
, it would be easy to make her believe that d ’ artagnan had not come to béthune . the sound , grasped the reins with a firm hand , and spurred his horses , whose beautiful <unk> floated in the breeze . you ? ” t set sufficient store on the cut of my <unk> to risk being hung at tyburn or sent for change of scene to the <unk> . that they have sent for you , both for the same thing ? ” saddle and bridle , to which operation he lent himself with the best grace possible ; then , putting the 4,500 francs into the hands of the astonished dealer , i proceeded to fulfil my intention of passing the night in riding	71.49718475341797
in the champs-élysées . the boy , “ there ’ s our beadle , who is going a journey . ” aramis , speaking rapidly , “ you are saved ; the london executioner has vanished . drew back the curtains . ’ artagnan , “ these people are very ingenious . to say so , ” answered dantès , smiling . athos , whose real name that was , and who made a sign with his head that all was true which the executioner had said . ; drink to his health , ” he added , filling caderousse ’ s glass , “ and do not interfere with us . ” not be displeased , sir , that valentine has not come with us , or	33.75951385498047
that i dismissed barrois , for our conference will be one which could not with propriety be carried on in the presence of either . it. ” the major drew an armchair towards him , and proceeded to seat himself . be a man of honor . ” exclaimed athos . which were similar to those which had been addressed to the abbé busoni . what athos had said respecting mme . into the drawing-room , my young friend , where you will find your father awaiting you . ” all you can give me , and from to-day your debt is paid . ” to escape ? ” louis , ” said she . set my mind at rest , as you observed just now . ”	64.123291015625
<unk> the mark , and he added quickly , — “ no one ; but in order to have known everything so well , you must have been an <unk> . ” god who hears us , that on the contrary i am a fervent catholic ! ” so that if they prove troublesome , we shall be able to hold them in check ; so , for the last time , steer to monte cristo . ” my good host ; and i wish to know what has become of our young man . ” the incarceration of the poor man . a lackey to be found ? ” small stature , with hair <unk> rather by suffering and sorrow than by age . with one of	40.74920654296875
the committee , a young peer of my acquaintance , to get admission to one of the galleries . dead , as i hear . then know him ? ” cried julie , whose eyes sparkled with joy . a pistole to accompany him , but the man refused . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i know him now . example you have set me , and which i intend following . to speak to him . ” let us calculate how much we <unk> in all . ” monte cristo . has plunged a thousand daggers into my heart , <unk> , i own , which instead of wounding sheathe their points in their own handles , but daggers which he nevertheless believed to be	59.657405853271484
real and deadly . ” standing listening to all this controversy with a pious <unk> , sprang toward them , took the breviary of the curate and the <unk> of the jesuit , and walked respectfully before them to clear their way . not only by these signs , but also from the accent with which he spoke to the postilion , as a frenchman . . stammered debray ; “ what do you mean ? ” different and more serious matter , ” responded the abbé . custom for the officers in the english navy to place themselves at the service of their female compatriots when they land in a port of great britain , and carry their gallantry so far as to conduct them ashore ?	67.95999908447266
” least . ” de boville ’ s study . , if ever i should get such a chance , the living should be my theme . ” positively what she is capable of , read her past history on her left shoulder . ” sink upon his two hands , while d ’ artagnan stood before him , stupefied . cursed me then , ’ i cried , ‘ since he permits me to save the life of a human creature , in exchange for the life i have taken away . ’ ” to sleep . a new outbreak from the benches . rather a sad <unk> with the red duke , ” replied aramis . ” monte cristo placed himself opposite to him . i	46.43770980834961
might advise , your majesty will interrogate the person of whom i spoke to you , and i will urge your majesty to do him this honor . ” had not controlled himself as he ought , but at that moment , as if he had listened at the door and comprehended the urgent need of <unk> la ramee ’ s ideas , grimaud entered and made a sign to la ramee that he had something to say to him . of grimaud , who never spoke a word but when his master <unk> his mouth . might get the better of him , he clutched with one hand the branch of a tree against which he was leaning , and with the other convulsively grasped the dagger	48.093441009521484
with a carved handle which was in his belt , and which , unwittingly , he drew from the scabbard from time to time . porthos . necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition . piastres were wanting to them both to make up the sum that albert required . returned danglars . by name . on with a cry of joy . do not recollect telling you that . ” he ; ‘ the enemy will not rally for fifteen days and until that time i have no need of your service . name of heaven ! ” said the wounded man , collecting all his forces , as if to get up , “ let us not lose time in useless words .	47.50326156616211
dwelt in a little lodging composed of a boudoir , an eating room , and a bedroom , which room , situated , as the others were , on the ground floor , looked out upon a little fresh green garden , shady and impenetrable to the eyes of his neighbors . , it must be owned , than if the new-comer had proved to be a customs officer ; but this supposition also disappeared like the first , when he beheld the perfect tranquillity of his recruit . ” pursued the count , addressing franz , “ do you also depart tomorrow ? ” , i am a <unk> to you ? ” were ordained that this man should be associated with all the good which the	76.3001480102539
future may have in store for me , and sometimes it really seems as if his eye was able to see what was to come , and his hand endowed with the power of directing events according to his own will . ” nothing before the interests of all . the end of a month , when drinking water from the same <unk> , you would kill the person who drank with you , without your perceiving , otherwise than from slight inconvenience , that there was any <unk> substance mingled with this water . ” ? ” ” to my father , though i am not the less grateful for the honor you have done me . ” asked the postilion in italian . , ” replied	55.12989807128906
milady ; “ and i have been wrong in seeing in the mission with which you honor me anything but that which it really <unk> is , to announce to his grace , on the part of your eminence , that you are acquainted with the different disguises by means of which he succeeded in approaching the queen during the fête given by madame the constable ; that you have proofs of the interview granted at the louvre by the queen to a certain italian astrologer who was no other than the duke of buckingham ; that you have ordered a little romance of a satirical nature to be written upon the adventures of amiens , with a plan of the gardens in which those adventures took place	69.78519439697266
, and portraits of the actors who figured in them ; that montague is in the bastille , and that the torture may make him say things he remembers , and even things he has forgotten ; that you possess a certain letter from madame de chevreuse , found in his grace ’ s lodging , which singularly compromises not only her who wrote it , but her in whose name it was written . is it ? ” said the major . that guest , that nobleman who arrived before she came ? ” depart . ” asked dantès , “ may i see all this ? ” that is the name , certainly . ask is of us two alone , and i very earnestly wish	87.23490905761719
that it may not be interrupted . ” aramis and porthos . the heart , but as the impression produced by seeing d ’ artagnan foremost in a coarse , ferocious crowd had been very strong , he contented himself with replying : i think , and taken flight , carrying off their booty . the secret ; or , perhaps , you guessed that he was here . ” , immensely rich , all-powerful in a kingdom which he disordered at his fancy and calmed again at his caprice , george villiers , duke of buckingham , had lived one of those fabulous existences which survive , in the course of centuries , to astonish posterity . albert , ” he said , with all the emotion	86.79708099365234
he was capable of feeling , — “ believe me , i feel deeply for your misfortunes , and if in any way i can serve you , i am yours . ” the glory of having saved his king , ” cried winter . he added , turning towards bertuccio . on the wall of my cell , scratched with a nail , a proverb , which says , ‘ like master , like servant . ’ ” what he died ! ” asked d ’ avrigny , placing his hand on noirtier ’ s shoulder . they murdered him. ” valentine could not help casting one glance towards the young man , whose filial enthusiasm it was delightful to behold . , ” said d ’	53.78984832763672
artagnan . by twenty fathoms . ” other motive unknown to us ? ” no other safe and satisfactory way . ” if you don ’ t get out , ” said porthos at last , seizing mousqueton by the throat . . ” very simple , my good fellow ; i have been a sailor , and your story touched me more than it would others . ” to return home and wait for news . defeat , and d ’ artagnan remained master of the field of battle . care of the women , while old barrois ran , <unk> , to his master ; for nothing frightens old people so much as when death <unk> its vigilance over them for a moment in order to	58.020023345947266
strike some other old person . , monsieur commissary , that you are in the profoundest error , that i know nothing in the world about what my wife had to do , that i am entirely a stranger to what she has done ; and that if she has committed any follies , i renounce her , i <unk> her , i curse her ! ” friend , ” said beauchamp first , who had either the most feeling or the least dissimulation , “ allow me to congratulate you ; this is a very unhoped-for conclusion of a very disagreeable affair . ” anything for copies of this ebook , complying with the trademark license is very easy . . standing at the door . such	42.40994644165039
a case rely on the kindness of signor torlonia . the pension ? ” just , ” said athos , and he took aside the one of the four englishmen with whom he was to fight , and communicated his name in a low voice . paced his room with a smile it would have been terrible to witness . to <unk> prince ? ” overspread his countenance , which was not natural to him . followed the retreating figures and when the last had closed the door she turned away . vexed m. morrel , good , worthy man , ” said caderousse . arrows must have pleased my father , ” added albert with a laugh . monsieur d ’ artagnan , my son . ”	49.3841667175293
want battle ; and you shall have it . ” i am not sorry to quit paris ; i had need of distraction . ” the night , and the bandits wrapped themselves in their cloaks , and lay down before the fire . ” said d ’ artagnan , drawing his pistols from his belt , “ you will kill nobody , if you please ! ” friends with a melancholy smile . ” asked porthos , “ who is milady ? ” protector , the steward , that she and he might be present amongst the servants of the house . to the house of a spaniard , who , he said , had become <unk> as an englishman by the guineas of his new compatriots	36.82631301879883
. to reflect , sire , ” said the cardinal . promise he had made to madame danglars , to endeavor to find out how the count of monte cristo had discovered the history of the house at auteuil . said d ’ artagnan . the avenue of pierrefonds . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ don ’ t distrust providence ! ? ” , which is the name of a demon . ; he showed la ramee a monstrous pate , ornamented with monsieur de beaufort ’ s coat-of-arms . cries ; and , listening , discerned that they were cries of joy . ” cried morrel . the first of us to go ; peace be to him ! of henry iv . shake	28.735322952270508
of the hand with lord de winter , and then returned to milady . monte cristo “ the evening of the 3rd of june , 1829 . had adopted and who bore so striking a resemblance to him ? he ; “ mazarin has been listening to discover whether i betrayed him . through the rue richelieu last year , who amused himself with killing his brothers and sisters by <unk> pins in their ears while they slept . , and beneath a <unk> of blue velvet , surmounted by white and red plumes , was a <unk> portrait of anne of austria , so perfect in its resemblance that d ’ artagnan uttered a cry of surprise on beholding it . the novice , “ but of	41.71666717529297
my <unk> a devotion to a woman i loved , for whom i would have laid down my life , for whom i would give it still . ” perfumed gloves that lovers like to snatch from a pretty hand . was at once penetrating and melodious ; and then , that which was inconceivable in athos , who was always retiring , was that delicate knowledge of the world and of the usages of the most brilliant <unk> manners of a high degree which appeared , as if unconsciously to himself , in his least actions . athos , “ since you have not a regiment , we are three devoted men . , a horrid event , ” said he in a hoarse voice . grow	64.22411346435547
impatient , ” said athos . smoke while i am taking my tea or coffee ; he has heard that i ordered tea , and he also knows that i brought you home with me ; when i summoned him he naturally guessed the reason of my doing so , and as he comes from a country where hospitality is especially manifested through the medium of smoking , he naturally <unk> that we shall smoke in company , and therefore brings two chibouques instead of one—and now the mystery is solved . ” , and come back immediately . ” the child , whom no skill had been able to recall to life . debray to beauchamp , “ if i spoke to the president , _you_ must	117.64735412597656
have been with the procureur . ” goes under , then the other . dantès , of whom they spoke ? ” ” by d ’ artagnan to what was also due to porthos , pressed his hand in their turn . ! ” said the old father of the bridegroom , as he carried to his lips a glass of wine of the hue and brightness of the <unk> , and which had just been placed before mercédès herself . . young man ! stages of torture natural to prisoners in suspense . really wish it , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and even with great pleasure , i confess ; the journey has given me a devil of an appetite . ” ! ”	40.67629623413086
caderousse , crossing himself . and her tears only <unk> her ; the lady appears to be about forty years of age , the girl about fourteen . which had attracted dantès ’ attention , crowned the summit of the bastion of the château d ’ if . seem , made good use of his money , for he was newly clad . to wait two hours for the gentleman , and three for the diplomatist . frightened by the change in her countenance . to fail in some desirable matrimonial alliance . ” his return , franz found a letter from the embassy , informing him that he would have the honor of being received by his holiness the next day . his hope of being captain	76.44224548339844
? ” , ” said he , “ a straightforward answer should be given . favorite and minister of the queen ? seized me in her arms , and hurrying noiselessly along numerous turnings and windings known only to ourselves , she arrived at a private staircase of the kiosk , where was a scene of frightful tumult and confusion . of this <unk> remark . he , “ franz is coming soon , but it will not interest you ; you dislike him , i think ? ” ” said d ’ artagnan , determined to continue on the <unk> tack on which he had commenced , “ the more i listen to you the more surprised i am at the easy and elegant manner in which	64.70333099365234
you speak french . my soul much more than in my body . ” you appear to be free , ” continued the novice ; “ and if you were inclined to fly it only rests with yourself to do so . ” by the help of two signs , with which i will acquaint you presently , you may ascertain with perfect certainty that my grandfather is still in the full possession of all his mental faculties . bar and pushing down a door ? ” it is the axe , not the man , we must thank . ” he , “ so long as i do remain in paris , and nothing forces me to quit it , do you mean to tell me that	60.6929931640625
i may rely on receiving the sum you just now mentioned to me ? ” of the conversation of the doctor and m. de villefort , and he thought he could see through the sheet the extended hands , the stiff neck , and the purple lips . words with the sentinel ; then the door opened , and he appeared . a lesson the day after to-morrow ? ” have to say to him ? ” said danglars , laughing in his turn . him that woman of fatal intentions who had for a moment terrified him ; she was an ardent , passionate mistress , abandoning herself to love which she also seemed to feel . horse all saddled , and will point out to you	53.84318542480469
the road you ought to take . his chair , rested his elbow on the table , bowed his head upon his hand and reflected . meant that he didn ’ t see what that had to do with him . the sailors . , ” replied his eminence ; “ yes , i know that . choose ; for my part , i shall go unarmed . ” join me at the champs-élysées , and lead me out of this house without anyone seeing my departure . ” which monte cristo performed this dexterous feat , and saw that they were no larger than <unk> . opera ? ” said the count , with that calm tone and penetrating eye which <unk> the man who knows his	40.768959045410156
cause is good . you , ” said the young man , evidently embarrassed how to begin the conversation ; “ yes , everyone in my family is well . ” going ? ” essential , was to warn charles stuart of the attempt to be made , so that he might assist his <unk> as much as possible , or at least do nothing to thwart their efforts . the agent of thomson & french , at the moment when morrel expected it least , was to the poor shipowner so decided a stroke of good fortune that he almost dared to believe that fate was at length grown weary of wasting her spite upon him . said athos . simple question ; answer it ; —that	69.48760986328125
is all i require . ” a mortal weariness of mind , without hope in the negotiations with the city , without news from england , the cardinal went out , without any other aim than to be out of doors , and accompanied only by cahusac and la houdinière , strolled along the beach . examination of our cash takes place tomorrow . ” officer and he directed the point of the poniard in such a manner , close to la ramee ’ s heart , that there could be no doubt in the mind of that individual as to his determination . then , albert ? ” asked franz . night before . street he met mousqueton and took him with him . dantès killed—i won	63.16139602661133
’ t ! ” , ” replied athos , with a threatening gesture that promised no good to <unk> it was addressed . . ” delight to find that the king was lying with his clothes on . <unk> ” very lightly of it ; i should like to see you with a brief preparing in your house . ” . his service a lackey who had accompanied him in his voyage to <unk> . in enthusiastic gratitude , whilst her daughter threw her arms around her mother ’ s neck and kissed her—her own eyes streaming with tears . ” , ” said porthos , in his tranquil way . ) ? was just enough room for a man to pass . four armchairs , and a	50.69840621948242
couch , covered with yellow <unk> velvet , composed , with a <unk> , all its furniture . all over , ” murmured d ’ artagnan . he wrote from the siege of rochelle , to warn her of a plot against the duke of buckingham . ” , or may the devil take me . d ’ artagnan . ” was obliged to believe this fatal intelligence ; laporte , detained in england , as everyone else had been , by the orders of charles i. , arrived , and was the bearer of the duke ’ s dying gift to the queen . mistress , and mme . mazarin , “ i see it will be necessary for me to <unk> . ” said athos ,	29.831974029541016
“ that if he had not rescued me from the hands of cahusac , i should not now have the honor of making my very humble reverence to your majesty . ” . ” said aramis , “ if you like to ascend i shall be delighted to receive you . ” said caderousse . he had fallen on his chair ; it was evident that his legs refused to support him . ! ’ i ’ faith , the <unk> word is out . ” , and a moment later was saluting the baronne danglars , who could not restrain a cry of mingled pleasure and surprise . to signor pastrini , and asked for albert de morcerf . that he would provide for him so that	35.36787796020508
he should never want for anything in future . thoughts constantly reverted to that handsome young man who was so brave and appeared to be so much in love . her questions in order to gain one answer , but to all her inquiries m. de villefort remained mute and cold as a statue . intend visiting ? , ” said mazarin , placing a pen and a paper before her , “ you must ; ” then he added : “ sign , anne , i implore you—i command you . ” ” send you this jewel ? ” than the hearts of most men , and i suffered more than they would have done in my place ; that is all . ” baron ? ”	54.27056884765625
said the count , “ we know so little of each other . ” , my dear baron , the best and easiest way is to leave them to their fancies , and allow them to act as they please , and then , if any mischief follows , why , at least , they have no one to blame but themselves . ” monsieur de tréville telling me , when he did me the honor to call upon me yesterday , that you associated with the suspected english , whom the cardinal protects ? ” porthos , aramis , lord de winter , and the man in the red cloak . had failed her in attempting to escape , and that she had fainted in one of	47.80415725708008
the paths , was the one that most impressed itself upon his mind . with a haughty presence , a fine equipage ; such as the son of a noble house would have . ” ; he had discovered a purchaser for his diamond . one who is lighting us . women , but his eloquence faltered . ’ s apartment ? ” sacred in two senses ; he should be <unk> as the author of our being and as a master whom we ought to obey . also . a journey , dear child , ” said monte cristo , with an expression of infinite tenderness and melancholy ; “ and if any misfortune should happen to me—— ” believe me , because everyone thought me mad	55.36237716674805
; but you , who must know that i am not , listen to me , and believe me so afterwards if you will . ” have a communication to make to you . ” contents into the ashes , which she disturbed that they might the more readily absorb the liquid ; then she carefully rinsed the glass , and wiping it with her handkerchief replaced it on the table . wretched , hopeless , <unk> prisoner than the <unk> who pay the penalty of their crimes at the galleys of toulon . ” the noise , in his chamber gown , his sword under his arm , stood in the doorway . as well take mousqueton . d ’ artagnan , addressing the guardsmen , “	51.97422790527344
you may easily comprehend that such a feast can only be very dull after what has taken place ; so accept my excuses , and put off the party till another day , i beg of you . ” ’ said i , ‘ are we really to be killed ? ’ and at the sound of my voice the slaves redoubled their cries and prayers and lamentations . , and let the lovers make love without interruption . get so much money ? ” said athos . idea <unk> the cardinal even in his sleep , that when at seven in the morning bernouin came to arouse him , his first words were : “ well , what ’ s the matter ? my adoration , ”	68.12972259521484
said aramis , in his turn pressing his hand . s silence , and then was heard the crackling of burning flesh , of which the peculiar and nauseous smell penetrated even behind the wall where dantès was listening in horror . still keeping on the defensive , drew near to kitty ’ s door . he could sell the great appointments and splendid offices which the cardinals already held ; and then he had the two hats to sell besides . . poison he fell a victim to was intended for him ? ” breast a little cross set in diamonds , which , like the order , had been the gift of henrietta maria . hands , not only a defensive weapon , but still more	83.77123260498047
frequently an offensive one ; the one serves against all their physical sufferings , the other against all their enemies . , ” murmured the procurator ’ s wife , who began to feel that , to judge by the conduct of the great ladies of the time , she was wrong . why you deceived me ? ” came into the room . or , placed <unk> , ” said he . a simple and <unk> heart , performed the duties of the church of that convent . ’ clock by albert ’ s watch when the two friends entered into the <unk> . death , and <unk> a ghastly smile . woman inside drew a second handkerchief from her pocket , and exchanged it for that	45.869380950927734
which had just been shown to her . in one of these , and we shall be in peace . ” madame coquenard , a mule with feathers and bells . ” <unk> ’ — ‘ then , ’ said he , ‘ write to yanina . ’ ” a path of red gravel , edged by a border of thick box , of many years ’ growth , and of a tone and color that would have delighted the heart of delacroix , our modern rubens . , my dear athos , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ open the door , i beg of you . ” that he would rather die where he was than undergo the agony which the slightest movement cost him	52.615901947021484
. that he had not taken these precautions , and had simply thrown it in a corner . remembrance of this girl a remembrance of anger ; and a desire of vengeance disordered the features of milady , which , however , immediately recovered the calm and benevolent expression which this woman of a hundred faces had for a moment allowed them to lose . sailor find room in his pocket for a portfolio large enough to contain an official letter ? ” then . are known to others ? ” man was not aware of the <unk> of his words , while milady was reading with her lynx ’ s eyes the very depths of his heart . ” say so ! ” of hers named kitty	73.050537109375
could disguise themselves admirably in men ’ s clothes . till not one grain of gunpowder was <unk> . ” ” cried the cardinal , with violence . ” said he ; “ you disturb , you agitate the people who live in the castle . ” said aramis . me to lay aside the mask , and i will do so , be satisfied ! instant , i beseech you ! ” said the old lady . by her night dress of fine india linen , to implore her pardon ; but she , with a strong movement , tried to escape . do tell me , viscount , whether you really are acquainted with it or no ? ” a quarter of an hour , half	53.43656921386719
an hour , —no change took place . try and enter the louvre . but made no answer . being alone , struck a light and lighted a small bit of tinder , mounted his horse and stopped at the door in the midst of the soldiers . . rueil . and certain manner of traveling , by sending relays of horses to chantilly , so that he might be in paris in five or six hours . ” said d ’ artagnan , with that jeering manner which our readers have so often observed in him since they made his acquaintance . period of which you speak , and if you pay well for it you will certainly get to know all you want . ” her	51.111122131347656
? you are right , ” said the host . see . ” athos , “ and we will return to that subject later , if such be your pleasure ; but what for the moment engaged my attention most earnestly , and i am sure you will understand me , d ’ artagnan , was the getting from this woman a kind of _carte blanche_ which she had extorted from the cardinal , and by means of which she could with impunity get rid of you and perhaps of us . ” an expression of deep tenderness , while the count replied with an air of gentle gravity . are better than <unk> the executioner of bethune , my uncle and king charles . reconciled with the	48.7758903503418
court i shall prove to you , i hope , that i remain your friend , as well as that <unk> the devil are their <unk> ’ artagnan and porthos ? ” . ” 59 . at these particulars , but gratitude mingled with his sorrow : he would gladly have embraced those who had given his father this proof of esteem at a moment when his honor was so powerfully attacked . ” replied caderousse , “ let ’ s have some more wine . athos . upon the <unk> , thence i passed on to the rhône , whence i descended , merely with the current , to arles ; at arles i was again placed on my litter , and continued my journey to marseilles	91.5185317993164
. has monsieur de flamarens been telling me ? ” cut on <unk> while aramis and porthos <unk> on their steeds . ” use tonight are its <unk> ; they are all entirely black , with the exception of a star upon the forehead . ” her as for the two sailing vessels . ” the same horrible race he does , and is , like himself , a dealer in magical arts . , and seized their muskets . fellow troubling himself about ? ” cried the cavalier whom milady had designated as her brother , stooping down to the height of the coach window . ? ” said porthos . of the four , was to follow that by which the carriage had gone upon which	75.72200775146484
the four friends had fired , and which was accompanied , as may be remembered , by rochefort ’ s servant . window , danglars approached his wife . on shore , a cord creaked as it ran through a <unk> , and dantès guessed they were at the end of the voyage , and that they were <unk> the boat . monte cristo “ you were a major ; that is the title the french give to the post which you filled in italy . ” said the tutor , joining in the conversation . d ’ artagnan , “ the man i am warned against by athos . ” but m. de tréville launched it with knowledge of his cause . go to bed at all	46.295936584472656
! ” very small stone bottle the third of a glass for each of the young men , served himself in about the same proportion , and passed the bottle to porthos and mme . said porthos , “ this is my usual style . ” is english ? ” artagnan thought he perceived in an obscure corner a discipline cord suspended from a nail in the wall . , and spoken to her ! a visit in my cell , my young friend , ” said he , “ i will show you an entire work , the fruits of the thoughts and reflections of my whole life ; many of them meditated over in the shades of the colosseum at rome , at the foot of	47.33395004272461
st. mark ’ s column at venice , and on the borders of the <unk> at florence , little imagining at the time that they would be arranged in order within the walls of the château d ’ if . political opinions are extreme , ” said villefort , who had never heard anything of the kind , but was not sorry to make this inquiry , as if it were an accusation . the sea simultaneously without <unk> a drop of water , and the boat , yielding to the impulsion , glided forward . conveyed her to a hôtel in the place royale , ” said the wounded man . any longer to discover the reason . ” ; and with the ten parts of grimaud	41.97964096069336
, which are not worth a <unk> , i regained the diamond . want ? ’ the young woman , “ i know you to be cowardly , avaricious , and foolish , but i never till now believed you infamous ! ” of porthos upon condition that he should only be clothed and lodged , though in a handsome manner ; but he claimed two hours a day to himself , <unk> to an employment which would provide for his other wants . . ” the history of the <unk> . they had heard no tidings of her whatever , only that she must have made her escape through the garden , on the sand of which her footsteps could be traced , and the door of	64.65931701660156
which had been found shut . the duke , who took a knife with a silver blade to raise the upper crust ; but la ramee , who was afraid of any harm happening to this fine work of art , passed his knife , which had an iron blade , to the duke . as franz had no reason to suppose it was meant for him , he suffered albert to retain it . give my own name , not possessing one , i can tell them my father ’ s . tréville entered , cool , polite , and in irreproachable costume . them with astonishment , for they sought vainly in their minds to know who this other person could be . to remain here	70.68922424316406
, ” said athos , “ and take a turn in the bastile or the dungeon of vincennes for having favored the escape of monsieur de beaufort ? . is , i have found my father . ” private account , and in <unk> them up , by <unk> them what they wished , monsieur le cardinal has made a good bargain . benedetto . ” right over bertuccio ? ” you , ” exclaimed morrel in a low voice , “ do not speak another word , count ; do not prolong my punishment . ” abbé alone with caderousse , who had not yet revived . with those who oblige us , ” was dantès ’ reply ; “ for when we do not owe them	42.90156173706055
money , we owe them gratitude . ” ” ” continued the count , “ i see you are still the same , —an assassin . ” scene with amazement ; he was evidently accustomed to see his prisoners tremble before him , and yet here was one whose gay temperament was not for a moment altered ; as for franz , he was enchanted at the way in which albert had sustained the national honor in the presence of the bandit . count ’ s house i perceived a light in one of the windows , and fancied i saw the shadow of his figure moving behind the curtain . prison , but the character of monsieur de beaufort was particularly disposed to become so . by	64.46973419189453
a single word ; go , i will rejoin you . ” of love i have rendered myself culpable toward you , you will pardon me ? ” comfortable digestion ; d ’ artagnan , to be preparing his exordium . the new-comer left the hotel with the _cicerone_ , a man detached himself from the rest of the idlers , and without having been seen by the traveller , and appearing to excite no attention from the guide , followed the stranger with as much skill as a parisian police agent would have used . the dinner service . i couldn ’ t find that out , ” said porthos , scratching his head ; “ it is so simple . ” a temporary shelter , and	57.138946533203125
scarcely had he availed himself of it when the tempest burst forth in all its fury . he uttered no cry nor called for assistance . is a fresh diamond which i enclose in the casket of my heart . ” rogue , who can at the most take us by the collar , like an <unk> . , ‘ you are monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ’ i answered , ‘ you think so ? ’ my guards exclaimed that they were sure of it . had passed , as one might fancy . aware of that . <unk> most curious spectacle in life is that of death . swallowed a few mouthfuls of bread and water , and , thanks to the vigor of his constitution	83.25187683105469
, found himself well-nigh recovered . said , “ you have worked so hard with me toward building up our fortune , that , at the moment when we are about to reap the fruits of our <unk> , it would be a ridiculous piece of <unk> in you to allow yourself to be controlled by aramis , whose cunning you <unk> cunning which , we may say between ourselves , is not always without egotism ; or by athos , a noble and disinterested man , but blase , who , desiring nothing further for himself , doesn ’ t sympathize with the desires of others . , and then drew back as if she had seen a serpent . behind him , set off at full	69.66593933105469
gallop , followed by d ’ artagnan , who began to think he was in the merry maze of some fantastic dream . companion that i know , d ’ artagnan , ” he said , offering his hand to the gascon ; “ and i am very happy in having found you again , my dear son . ” alone ? ” do you not ? to an end , tréville , will come to an end . , but sitting down at the table made a sign that la ramee should seat himself opposite . by mordaunt , and in five minutes they were quite away from that world of houses which then crowded the outskirts of london ; and mordaunt could discern the little vessel	39.377662658691406
riding at anchor near the isle of dogs . athos , “ we are overheard . ” having a monarch to humiliate , evidently prepared to enjoy the right they had <unk> to themselves , and sent an officer to inform the king that it was customary for the accused to <unk> his head . with my sixty men ; i encircled the castle ; the riding horses i entrusted to grimaud and i awaited your coming out , which i did not expect till to-morrow , and i didn ’ t hope to free you without a skirmish . ’ t stand well with his eminence . ” . horseback and three who have dismounted . ” not to open his mouth about the procurator ’ s	74.73340606689453
wife , and not to say a word of the wound ? ” have no share in this affair ; and happily so , for instead of the invisible , <unk> agent of celestial rewards and punishments , i shall find one both palpable and visible , on whom i shall revenge myself , i assure you , for all i have suffered during the last month . so . ” who sent me away when i was five years old because no one paid her for me , telling me the name of a relation of whom she had heard my mother often speak . ” gentlemen ! ? ” <unk> saint jean , d ’ artagnan upset a man ; it was too insignificant an occurrence	65.7364273071289
to delay people so eager to get on . up to the present time because we believed each other dead , and because a remembrance is less <unk> than a living creature , though a remembrance is sometimes devouring . ” ’ artagnan tremble , as if by the touch that fever which consumed milady attacked himself . rather better . . preceded by all these titles . ” morcerf , “ for three days i believed myself the object of the attentions of a <unk> , whom i took for a descendant of <unk> or <unk> , while i was simply the object of the attentions of a _contadina_ , and i say _contadina_ to avoid saying peasant girl . said the old man . escape .	89.48355102539062
” ! ” said athos , emptying and <unk> his glass . chapter xxxiii . wounded man trembles instinctively at the approach of the finger to his wound until it be <unk> , but villefort ’ s was one of those that never close , or if they do , only close to reopen more agonizing than ever . not say that you will save a king ; no , in presence of the scaffold as i am , royalty , i assure you , is a very small affair ; but you will save a husband to his wife , a father to his children . ” answered the curates . . morrel , ” said he , “ we were somewhere between cape <unk> and cape	56.5583610534668
<unk> , sailing with a fair breeze , <unk> after a week ’ s calm , when captain gaumard comes up to me—i was at the helm i should tell you—and says , ‘ penelon , what do you think of those clouds coming up over there ? ’ i was just then looking at them myself . ” said athos ; “ he has served your majesty longer than we have . ” ” replied the count . bowed in obedience , and then went to teresa , and invited her to dance in a quadrille directed by the count ’ s daughter . you see it is all useless , and that my father ’ s mind is really <unk> , ” said villefort . ,	62.36273956298828
then , ” said d ’ artagnan . ” said the count , <unk> total ignorance . said , “ the count ’ s generosity is too overwhelming ; valentine will be satisfied with my humble fortune . five o ’ clock ; you must stand in need of repose . ” , but with a calmness more dreadful than the anger of another would have been , handed to the president the record of her sale , written in arabic . the gate the count recognized cocles ; but as he had but one eye , and that eye had become somewhat dim in the course of nine years , cocles did not recognize the count . have to accuse myself of a fault , madame .	44.309242248535156
then . he is a bandit , compared to whom the decesaris and the <unk> were mere children . ” creature , my pretty hostess , and i am much obliged to you . ” before her . robbed and murdered , did you not ? ” foot ; drums were beating in the streets and in the port ; the troops about to embark were marching toward the sea . a tankard full of a dark substance , and approaching the gleam of light shed by the lamp he uttered this single <unk> : “ oh ! ” with such an expression of extreme terror that mousqueton started , alarmed , and blaisois was near fainting from fright . to the officer commanding the carbineers , who	76.41363525390625
read and returned it to him . makes me believe that it is only an excuse of m. noirtier to prevent his granddaughter marrying ; old men are always so selfish in their affection , ” said madame de villefort . a <unk> supply of garlic , <unk> , and <unk> ; while , lone and solitary , like a forgotten sentinel , a tall pine raised its melancholy head in one of the corners of this <unk> spot , and displayed its flexible stem and <unk> summit dried and cracked by the fierce heat of the <unk> sun . d ’ artagnan , rising , “ i have only one thing more to wish , which is , that the next thing you ask from me ,	75.06794738769531
shall <unk> life . ” , without doubt , ” said athos . need of an escort ? , villefort turned to dantès . de guiche to his tutor , “ we will precede you , and you can rejoin us on the road to cambrin . ” quite another thing , then . peril of imprisonment , risk of life in knowing me . ” . ” so , ” said the king . not hear all we said ? ” inquired caderousse . saw a horseman , as it were , detach himself from the wall and follow him at a little distance . , ” added d ’ artagnan , “ that we would have come to meet you , if we could have supposed	34.05811309814453
it was monseigneur coming toward us with so few attendants . ” the count , “ be good enough to ask pastrini if he has received the <unk> , and if he can send us an account of the execution . ” a cry , but a cry of joy . the remainder of the bouquets into the carriage . athos , “ are not those fellows <unk> they have arrested yonder ? on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement . tréville and walking with him toward the embrasure of a window , “ well , monsieur , ” continued he , “ you say it is his eminence ’ s guards	37.86337661743164
who have sought a quarrel with your musketeers ? ” day after your departure , at eight o ’ clock in the evening you are not here , no <unk> if it be but five minutes past eight . ” fortunately , i do not want for anything ; and it chances that at times there are others who have need of me. ” dantès made a gesture . heard by her . caderousse , <unk> , and with his fist on the table , “ hallo , edmond ! thirsty . , ” he replied , “ all will be ready . ” hour let every one be in bed and snoring . ” ! _ tell me , how can i do otherwise ? ” is	39.0645637512207
right , and i believe your majesty will think it equally important . ” that if we had not taken this precaution , we should have been exposed to allowing you to pass without presenting you our respects or offering you our thanks for the favor you have done us in uniting us . artagnan , who was as yet purely and simply in the guards , found himself , for the time at least , separated from his good <unk> , porthos , and aramis . not forget it , because you are a man of honor , morrel , because you have taken an oath , and are about to do so again . ” in summer . a <unk> ! ” cried the swiss .	42.6504020690918
dungeon about twenty feet distant , and to which you descend by another stair , an old abbé , formerly leader of a party in italy , who has been here since 1811 , and in <unk> he went mad , and the change is astonishing . artagnan with an expression of profound admiration . these gascons are incorrigible ! amusement seemed to me rather tame , i proposed to chevalier de rieux that we should be spectators instead of actors , and , in order to see to advantage , that we should mount the bronze horse . a gentle wave of the hand , monte cristo signed to the distracted mother to lay aside her apprehensions ; then , opening a casket that stood near ,	99.68003845214844
he drew forth a phial of <unk> glass <unk> with gold , containing a liquid of the color of blood , of which he let fall a single drop on the child ’ s lips . that in the present disposition of his master nothing could be more disagreeable to bazin than the arrival of d ’ artagnan , which might cast his master back again into that <unk> of mundane affairs which had so long carried him away . <unk> restore me the handkerchief ? ” ” said m. de boville , “ are you not going to the funeral of poor mademoiselle de villefort , which i met on my road here ? ” ” cried debray , “ what is the matter with you ?	47.48015213012695
a connoisseur in such things , having had a few of my own once , i estimated it at a thousand pistoles . ” i had the fancy of going to africa . ” that the second soldier was a swiss of gigantic proportions , so , save that some few of the seams split , his uniform fitted porthos perfectly . had been closed to screen them from sight , but they were forced , when the door was open , to pass through a throng of curious glances and whispering voices . bag three hundred pistoles . without any unusual disturbance , and dantès knew that he had escaped the first peril . crystal , was now and then disturbed by the leaping of fish ,	94.22340393066406
which were pursued by some unseen enemy and sought for safety in another element ; while on the extreme verge of the horizon might be seen the fishermen ’ s boats , white and graceful as the <unk> , or the merchant vessels bound for corsica or spain . door and the window . ! ” looking for her ? ” for an instant with uneasiness , as if a fresh thought suggested itself to her mind . the duchess , “ is now brought up against her as a great crime . ” flattery and coarseness of this address , madame danglars could not forbear gazing with considerable interest on a man capable of expending six millions in twelve months , and who had selected paris for	82.86288452148438
the scene of his princely <unk> . ” said he , “ having helped you in your late inquiries , or having given you the information i did . ” asked the duke uneasily . escaped with you ? ” . inquired the stranger . that . ” a few of those nice little rabbits , and some of those delicious partridges , of which you used to make <unk> at the <unk> ? entries relative to the abbé faria ; but it seemed that the history which the inspector had related interested him greatly , for after having perused the first documents he turned over the leaves until he reached the <unk> respecting edmond dantès . ” said d ’ artagnan , as if to sum up	51.222747802734375
in a word all that conversation , “ if only his eminence would <unk> and grant to monsieur de la fere our liberty . ” leave her house , ” said the steward . ” said aramis impatiently . . are acquainted with madame danglars ? ” morrel , smiling , “ it was the 5th of september , the anniversary of the day on which my father was miraculously preserved ; therefore , as far as it lies in my power , i endeavor to celebrate it by <unk> ” says , and when she dreams a thing it is sure to happen , she assures me . that i await with pleasure his decision , but i do await it . , and bore no evidence	58.60465621948242
of having been visited since he went away ; his treasure was just as he had left it . bracieux estate was four leagues distant , but that porthos was not at bracieux . you asked for a place at my window ; you shall have it ; but let us first sit down to table , for here comes the servant to inform us that breakfast is ready . ” given up the fight . by the side of the bed , which death had converted into an altar . from my hand , and alarm the house with his cries . with natural astonishment in their little apartment in the rue meslay upon the three successive , sudden , and most unexpected catastrophes of morcerf ,	71.47588348388672
danglars , and villefort . our word included everything . were no longer above water , and the rider , who had lost the reins in struggling , fell with his head back and his arms extended . must keep close to monseigneur ; the rest of the start will rejoin us later . sign to porthos to redouble his watchfulness ; then turning to mazarin : aramis , “ any one but the comte de la fere and myself would have had you <unk> we have friends in <unk> we are contented with another course . case , i warn you , i shall have you put in a lunatic asylum . ” in the hope that they might meet with less interruption ; but at crèvecœur	69.84967803955078
, aramis declared he could proceed no farther . on hearing this gigantic joke . out early this morning , ” replied the valet . the only means . , does it not , monsieur bonacieux ? ” provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund . come , ” thought dantès , “ he would have found the treasure , and borgia , he who compared italy to an <unk> , which he could devour leaf by leaf , knew too well the value of time to waste it in replacing this rock . and could not at first comprehend this restitution ; but the visit of porthos soon enlightened her . be gone . ” replied	81.91734313964844
d ’ artagnan , “ you are well named , gentlemen ; and my adventure , if it should make any noise , will prove at least that your union is not founded upon <unk> . ” his forehead as if to dispel his reverie , he rang the bell twice and bertuccio entered . a monster ! excellencies will do well not to think of that any longer ; at rome things can or can not be done ; when you are told anything can not be done , there is an end of it . ” when the queen went into her son ’ s room , and inquired from laporte if the king was in bed . the sky ; here is the sea !	53.85263442993164
him slightly on the shoulder . indeed . ” dantès . ” s orders . characters of those with whom he was going to fight , and began to view his situation more clearly . , ’ tis not easy to make people say what they don ’ t wish to let out . ” these twenty years , kept down in this inferior rank , without going forward or backward , hardly half living . , or not . coolly greeted each other with their lips ; but the cardinal was there , observing them with his vigilant eye . <unk> repeat it , ” continued mousqueton . the young man was about to take her in his arms and fly ; but this <unk> little to	67.50911712646484
him now rita had been his ; and as for the money , three hundred piastres distributed among the band was so small a sum that he cared little about it . may believe the signs grimaud is making , we are about to have to do with a very different number of people . the visitor , “ do you know why he came to france ? ” asked the young man , surprised . been beaten ; everyone shook off the drowsiness of night , and to dispel the humid morning air , came to take a drop at the inn . franz , finding that the count was coming to the point he wished . scarron , “ he may die now . ” to	63.364627838134766
do ? ” cried mme . ” cried the young princess , bounding to the door . then in <unk> , on account of my father ’ s death , the letter followed me there . , ” said albert , “ i will return , and woe to the infamous wretch ! a fine flemish phrase ; the officer replied in words that belonged to no language at all , and the bargain was concluded ; madeleine ’ s brother entered d ’ artagnan ’ s service . said gondy ; “ my friend , you take me for some one else . ” , ” replied albert , with a smile of indifference ; “ i shall follow your <unk> because you give it , but	33.94424057006836
because i had before intended to quit france . smile of profound tenderness , extended his hand , and she carried it to her lips . ” ’ s bed , while edmond himself remained standing . ” said danglars , bowing , “ i will precede you , to show you the way . ” cried , wringing her beautiful hands , “ what ! was making unnatural efforts to subdue her anger ; she <unk> herself , smelled at her <unk> and walked up and down . in view , which will appear hereafter . with m. morrel i hear , —you insinuating dog , you ! ” whence i can look down on lens and the surrounding <unk> ” whether i ought to tell you	55.367000579833984
what i suspect . ” which , it will be remembered , the abbé had made to edmond , the misfortune would have been still greater , for their attempt to escape would have been detected , and they would undoubtedly have been separated . say , ‘ during the three-quarters of an hour that the struggle continued , i watched the convulsions and the death of madame de saint-méran , and am thoroughly convinced that not only did her death proceed from poison , but i could also specify the poison . ’ ” noise . . ” shrink from no undertaking , according to what i see . ” him ? ” louise , “ i admire you , and i could almost say respect you.	66.10274505615234
” the laundress looked on in astonishment , but as she had been promised twenty louis , she made no remark . longer aware , ” continued anne , giving that sweet expression to her voice which she could do at will , “ that in former days the queen had once need of a young , brave and devoted <unk> she found this <unk> that , although he might have thought that she had forgotten him , she had kept a place for him in the depths of her heart ? ” the bedroom door , monte cristo expected that he was coming in , and raised one of his pistols ; but he simply heard the sound of the bolts sliding in their copper rings .	75.130615234375
sure , from the cut of his clothes , they are made by a first-rate paris <unk> <unk> or humann . ! the young man , “ do you not come from paris , if you please ? ” i recommend the cardinal to your attention . ” respecting spanish <unk> the expulsion of don carlos . time he required to prepare his defence . , ’ said the jeweller , ‘ you seem , my good friends , to have had some fears respecting the accuracy of your money , by counting it over so carefully directly i was gone . ’ ! been forgotten in our plans , and we have fully ascertained beforehand that valentine ’ s future husband will consent , not to live	78.10806274414062
in this house , for that might not be pleasant for the young people , but that you should live with them ; so that you and valentine , who are so attached to each other , would not be separated , and you would be able to pursue exactly the same course of life which you have hitherto done , and thus , instead of losing , you will be a <unk> by the change , as it will secure to you two children instead of one , to watch over and comfort you . ” in seeking to avenge his father was so natural that château-renaud did not seek to <unk> him , and was content with renewing his assurances of devotion . , however ,	56.38801193237305
” said mazarin , “ the safest method . ” nothing until i am convinced that he has quite abandoned me , and then—— ” murmured the voice , which could now only be heard in inarticulate sounds . to live upon ? ” tell me how i can risk my life to serve your grace ? ” milady , “ since you are as generous as you are <unk> ” from the <unk> who desire the death of the <unk> , to the soldiers who desire the death of the <unk> , all desire some one ’ s death . , sir , that her majesty has forgotten it amid the <unk> and the courtiers of the palais royal , but i who have passed those years	44.92269515991211
in the <unk> ” looking at us are only merchants , ” said athos , “ and are looking more at the cargo than at us . ” molé , the chief president , whose courage at this crisis , says the cardinal de retz , was equal to that of the duc de beaufort and the prince de <unk> other words , of the two men who were considered the bravest in <unk> been attacked in his turn . <unk> this fellow who will help me to avenge myself . ” , valentine ; you have 200,000 livres a year , and you prevent her son from enjoying these 200,000 livres . ” , then ? ” can tell you , of which i do not think	48.9782600402832
you are aware ; that is , that i have always been opposed to this marriage , and that the contract was entered into entirely without my consent or approbation . ” said athos , rising ; but he sank down again immediately . said d ’ artagnan ; “ and now in what direction did they set out ? ” opens before me ? ” thought the dying man ; “ that angel resembles the one i have lost . ” and it is natural that it should be so . mme . a large hall in which waited the deputies from la rochelle , headed by the prince de <unk> , and introduced him into a closet where buckingham , just out of the bath ,	40.647464752197266
was finishing his toilet , upon which , as at all times , he bestowed extraordinary attention . <unk> drive me like a madman to dig my heart out with my finger-nails ! the more . ” came in to consult his master upon the proceedings of the next day and also with regard to the shooting party which had been proposed . of me ? to the queen ; the duke wore the uniform of the musketeers of m. de tréville , who , as we have said , were that evening on guard . ” said debray , “ you did fight some time ago ; about what ? ” yanina , bringing a formidable array of documents ; and when we hesitated to publish the	60.77298355102539
<unk> article , he told us it should be inserted in some other paper . ” out to-night for paris . ” i go in consequence of an order from the cardinal , no one will believe you anxious to follow me . ” strength . ” asked aramis . mazarin ? ” so they called dantès ) had said this , it was sufficient , and all went to their <unk> contentedly . and breathless , within twenty paces of the ground , while the patrol passed beneath them laughing and talking . few steps into the apartment . and gloves . ” . ” , on reflection , ” said he to him , “ that you have done wrong in thus speaking of your mother-in-law	47.70111083984375
in the presence of m. debray ? ” ” fright ! it has appeared as if madame de villefort secretly <unk> to the marriage , although she did not choose openly to oppose it . ” immediately , and although it was three o ’ clock in the morning and he had some of the worst quarters of paris to traverse , he met with no misadventure . . but la ramee was an old <unk> , acquainted with all the traps a prisoner was likely to set . at the duke ’ s feet , and seeing that it was intended for him , he put it into his pocket . he said , when he saw that dantès had read the last line , “ put	39.03233337402344
the two fragments together , and judge for yourself. ” dantès obeyed , and the <unk> pieces gave the following : passed <unk> and were approaching the post , a man sheltered beneath a tree detached himself from the trunk with which he had been confounded in the darkness , and advanced into the middle of the road , putting his finger on his lips . go to london , ” added porthos , “ money is needed , and i have none . ” , albert—— ” the keyhole , morrel was writing ; but madame morrel remarked , what her daughter had not observed , that her husband was writing on stamped paper . ? name , i think ? ” , which he had placed	65.66045379638672
against an old cupboard , and went out . with a feverish rage , which gave a ferocious eloquence to his words . injure me , haydée , ” said monte cristo ; “ it was his son alone that there was cause to fear . ” made a tremendous noise . ” and aramis quickly appeared in their turn , and the moment the two guardsmen attacked their young companion , drove them back . away , i saw a faint light shine through the windows of the private staircase by which we have just descended . adieu . ” would you do with me , a poor orphan , forlorn , without fortune , with nothing but a <unk> hut and a few ragged nets ,	56.040592193603516
the miserable inheritance left by my father to my mother , and by my mother to me ? in the rapid march of our narrative presented to our readers without formally introducing her , was a tall and graceful girl of nineteen , with bright chestnut hair , deep blue eyes , and that <unk> air of quiet distinction which characterized her mother . a miserable creature ! ” continued mme . eyes , habituated to the darkness , had recognized the messenger of the pasha , —it was a friend . <unk> knows that i estimated them at their real value , and that they are not high in my <unk> on principle . quitted the room with his wife , leaving his father at liberty to	87.67733001708984
do as he pleased . sake , where is that ? ” asked the marquise . ? ” been subject to <unk> , which seize me all at once , and i have just felt a cold shiver . that of his friend . a happy and merry life to you . worthy patrician of lucca , a descendant of the cavalcanti of florence , ’ ” continued monte cristo , reading aloud , “ ‘ possessing an income of half a million . ’ ” you know how much the queen loves dancing . the rest of the company , anxiously awaiting him , and his entrance was followed by a general exclamation . ” the world , for you know that i forced myself when i	53.64654541015625
became a musketeer . ” of the black hood was the procurator ’ s wife of the rue aux ours , which was the more probable from the church of st. leu being not far from that locality . circle , but stopped at no one , and at last went to the door and began to scratch and bark . i am going to raise an army . ” web pages for current donation methods and addresses . what that is ; the minister receives two hundred petitions every day , and does not read three . ” watch , ” said albert . no occasion to work , for the little sum of money buried by you , and which i found in the place you	56.684852600097656
mentioned , will be sufficient to maintain me . their history ? ” and he suffered almost as much as poor kitty , who at that very moment was crying in the next chamber . moved aside , and a nubian , black as ebony , and dressed in a plain white <unk> , made a sign to his master that all was prepared in the dining-room . . coadjutor was informed that a young man had come in after his departure and was waiting for him ; he started with delight when , on demanding the name of this young man , he learned that it was louvieres . given him news , which was the next morning confirmed by noirtier . ’ artagnan in paris .	51.27732849121094
to the <unk> i won ’ t repeat her name , for i am incapable of compromising a woman ; but this i know , that i had but to write to her and she would have sent me fifteen hundred . ” is captain of this vessel ? ” him , in order that he may give evidence of your having been with him at half past nine . ’ s eyes grew bloodshot and he was white with foam . you love maximilian . ” moved a step forward , and albert turned towards him . gates i declared that i had found the child on the road , and i inquired where the asylum was ; the box confirmed my statement , the linen proved	58.64862823486328
that the infant belonged to wealthy parents , the blood with which i was covered might have proceeded from the child as well as from anyone else . almost regret that in all probability this miserable peppino will not be beheaded , as you might have had an opportunity then of seeing how short a time the punishment lasts , and whether it is worth even mentioning ; but , really this is a most singular conversation for the carnival , gentlemen ; how did it arise ? ring is his , d ’ artagnan , and bring back the two hundred pistoles with you . ” inherited all the papers which proved that he had indeed the honor of being the son of the marquis bartolomeo and	106.04066467285156
the marchioness oliva corsinari . . hangings , a bed visited by the goddess <unk> ? ” they cried . ” she cried ; “ fine counsel , indeed . ! ” cried milady , seeing that on this point as on the other lord de winter seemed well instructed . cristo was assailed by a multitude of thoughts . he who introduced himself to us . ” he pressed grimaud ’ s hand , who seemed honored by the distinction . de villefort be for all your goodness ; how thankfully will he acknowledge that to you alone he owes the existence of his wife and child ! any suspicion against one of my musketeers , ” said tréville , “ the justice of monsieur the cardinal	53.2296257019043
is so well known that i demand an inquiry . ” name ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . morcerf , an old soldier who has fought in twenty battles and whose honorable <unk> they would denounce as <unk> of disgrace . ” he felt the sensation we have described , and which had hitherto been unknown to him , arise in his bosom , and fill him with vague apprehensions . or rather he must be left quite alone ; and milady but <unk> perceived the means which could lead to this result . looked upon with a rather favorable eye by a lady of quality , the duchesse <unk> , your pardon ; my master has commanded me to be discreet . added yet more to	74.2213363647461
the intensity of the darkness , the moon , which was on the <unk> , did not rise until eleven o ’ clock , and the streets which the young man traversed were plunged in the deepest obscurity . of his folly , and delivered from his captivity . ” valet de chambre ? ” he had . the strange events which had crowded one on the other , an indefinable sentiment of dread had taken possession of valentine ’ s mind . with too much pleasure to dream of a refusal . ; she acted like a woman who <unk> up her resources . he crossed the pont neuf , congratulated himself on having found planchet again , for at that time an intelligent servant was essential	70.07048797607422
to him ; nor was he sorry that through planchet and the situation which he held in rue des lombards , a connection with the bourgeoisie might be commenced , at that critical period when that class were preparing to make war with the court party . <unk> and that is , that our grooms should not keep us waiting . ” to pieces even whilst they praise him ; one takes away from him all claim to good sense , another robs him of his poetry , a third of his originality , another of his humor , another of his independence of character , a <unk> , good heavens ! from me , putange was exiled , madame de chevreuse fell into disgrace , and when	141.84579467773438
you wished to come back as ambassador to france , the king <unk> , my <unk> king himself opposed it . ” just passed at the house of m. de villefort . , from the count of monte cristo to vicomte albert de morcerf and m. franz d ’ épinay . ” eyes met those of the young lady , who smiled . , my forgetful charmer ! ” in conformity with the orders of the authorities , who sent me a reinforcement of six men , such measures as i thought necessary to get possession of the persons of the pretended <unk> . ” am sure of . ” you , for by such conduct you have lost my esteem and my patronage . for more ,	48.48948287963867
” said porthos , putting his hand to his <unk> , it is easily done , ” said porthos . held a book in his hand . a glance of the most profound scrutiny . dark passage , which led to a little door opening on the garden , soon found the spot where he had entered , with the assistance of the shrubs gained the top of the wall , and by his ladder was in an instant in the clover-field where his cabriolet was still waiting for him . to experience sundry <unk> at the stomach , arose softly , again applied his eye to the crack of the door , and recognized the intelligent countenance of his guide . said the cardinal , laughing ,	40.270103454589844
“ almost beat the italians in effrontery . ” before this majestic spectacle , as if he now beheld it for the first time ; and indeed since his captivity in the château d ’ if he had forgotten that such scenes were ever to be witnessed . cried the host ; “ where is the monk ? ” , ” said he , quietly , “ for my part i have never loved . ” look at noirtier ; he saw the eyes of the old man dilate and become round , his cheeks turn pale and tremble ; the perspiration stood in drops upon his forehead . directed towards her entirely reassured him , and the first words she spoke made his heart bound with delight	66.95878601074219
. planchet , to be sure , ” said athos , “ what is there so astonishing in that ? gondy , bowing , “ your majesty is mistaken in <unk> my sincere advice as opposition . pass his sentence of life or death . your chaise . ” the gate . can make sure that they are so . ” sir , ” said mousqueton . arrived this night at newcastle . ” heard on all sides . you should go and bring your count of monte cristo to us . ” ? obeyed . bed , fell asleep , and had golden dreams . of mud of the same appearance . a word to anybody , and began to reflect . she might not answer ,	42.34551239013672
clasped her beautiful hands till her sharp nails almost pierced them . also , winter ? ” inquired the king . little <unk> crossing the path which they were following . then , ” said morrel . the count ; “ i will give you three months ere i join you ; you see i make an ample allowance for all delays and difficulties . , pursued his way with the indifference of a man upon whom such acts of folly made no impression . over the long white avenues ; the silence of earth and heaven is alone broken by the noise made by the crackling branches of hedges planted around the monuments ; then follows the melancholy <unk> of the priests , mingled now and then	107.68955993652344
with a sob of anguish , escaping from some woman concealed behind a mass of flowers . family is henceforth in my hands . me . ” a sort of terror at the threatening aspect of the <unk> physiognomy in such moments was not destitute of a certain grandeur . thee ! ” i am always at at his eminence ’ s orders . ” , she jumped lightly on shore and took to flight . two of whom have left paris , to go i know not where . a great chemist , and the elixir you administered to my son , which recalled him to life almost <unk> ” ” said villefort . from , ” said porthos , “ let us taste it , and	66.817138671875
if it is good , let us drink it . ” in the hall and called for a servant to conduct him to m. noirtier ; but no one answered , the servants having , as we know , deserted the house . glance at his strong box ; he even turned inside the <unk> of the magnificent diamond ring , the brilliancy of which drew every eye upon his hand , which indeed was white and handsome . such haste , and if i were not running after someone , ” said d ’ artagnan . you too far , monsieur de rochefort . ” the side of these views of the <unk> and simplifying minister , which belong to history , the <unk> is forced to	51.5186767578125
recognize the lesser motives of the amorous man and jealous rival . cried d ’ artagnan , “ will allow no man to laugh when it <unk> me ! ” , dull and <unk> . planchet ; the more ill will i have toward monsieur bonacieux , the more punctual i shall be in keeping the appointment made by that letter which makes you so uneasy . ” he paid the price demanded , without thinking to ask for any <unk> . fall showed them that he was no stranger to the sciences , and he seemed much occupied with chemistry . ? ” come to arrest me . it was evidently not without a mighty effort . young men went down the staircase , and got into	81.13944244384766
the carriage . had noticed all . his age , and <unk> pale . into the house , heard a sigh that was almost a deep sob ; he looked in the direction whence it came , and there under an arbor of <unk> <unk> with its thick foliage and beautiful long purple flowers , he saw mercédès seated , with her head bowed , and weeping bitterly . ” said the host , “ he ’ s not quite dumb . of the expression of that old man ’ s eye when he looks at me , the only person in the world whom he loves , and , i had almost said , by whom he is beloved in return . , and threw his arms	52.45463943481445
round his father ’ s neck ; but suddenly he recoiled , and placed his right hand on morrel ’ s breast . leave of athos , excepting the old duc de <unk> , who , as an old friend of the family of la valliere , went to see little louise and offered to take her to blois in his carriage . to give me the studs without the casket ? ” oppose them , —you , whose mind is so quick , and whose will is so firm are nevertheless , as weak and unequal to the contest as i am myself . , and advanced towards madame de villefort , whose lips opened as he approached . , dear monsieur porthos ? ” said she	54.793392181396484
, <unk> . know ? ” inquired franz . ” himself , he said , “ it appears , then , that the miserable old man you were telling me of was forsaken by everyone . ” , ” said the young man , “ i have unhappily spent too much of your money not to know the value of it . the reflective franz walked a hundred steps beneath the interior <unk> of the ruin , when , abandoning albert to the guides ( who would by no means yield their <unk> right of carrying their victims through the <unk> regularly laid down , and as regularly followed by them , but dragged the unconscious visitor to the various objects with a <unk> that admitted of no	83.26406860351562
appeal , beginning , as a matter of course , with the “ lions ’ den ” , the “ hall of the <unk> ” and finishing with “ cæsar ’ s <unk> ” ) , to escape a <unk> and mechanical survey of the wonders by which he was surrounded , franz ascended a <unk> staircase , and , leaving them to follow their monotonous round , seated himself at the foot of a column , and immediately opposite a large aperture , which permitted him to enjoy a full and undisturbed view of the gigantic dimensions of the majestic ruin . ? entered to inform them that groslow was waiting for them . heads of those who were not able to enter could be seen ,	84.44584655761719
all <unk> to their utmost height to try and see . said athos , himself trembling as the lion trembles at the sight of the <unk> “ my turn . up your mind to go and get it , or i swear you shall die by my hand . ” ” with well acted good-humor , “ i allow grimaud , but no one else ; you must manage it all . but though she could not see , she could hear , and the sneers of the crowd reached her in the carriage . in the preservation of these two existences ! ” were about to begin , and villefort , shut up in his room , exerted himself with feverish anxiety in drawing up the case	75.55501556396484
against the murderer of caderousse . to save the victim before we think of <unk> her , ” said d ’ avrigny . athos . commissary ! ” said the brigadier ; “ tread in my steps . ” ” returned the steward ; “ but it was very late . ” any details ? ” iris of which <unk> or <unk> at pleasure , ” said debray ; “ <unk> angle strongly developed , magnificent forehead , livid complexion , black beard , sharp and white teeth , politeness <unk> . ” danglars , “ i find you did not even pause there—— ” am killed , ” said albert , laughing . go upon deck again , but controlling himself he answered : better , ”	51.54338073730469
said rochefort , “ as i wish to continue my journey . ” delighted with his joke , went away laughing loudly . said the officer . proofs ! ” said the president ; “ remember this <unk> of horrors must be supported by the clearest proofs . ” , then ? ” asked caderousse , fixing his dying eyes on the count . and made a sign to mme . said , bazin had not , by his fortunate return , removed more than a part of the uneasiness which weighed upon the four friends . they took me for the assassin . , gentlemen ? ” a year ; they are shown to a magistrate , and the evidence is taken . added : for my	43.506591796875
conduct , and as you are a woman that can perfectly understand me , i will give them . replied . ? ” answered d ’ artagnan , but little convinced , as he knew better than anyone else how entirely personal the value of this letter was , and saw nothing in it likely to tempt cupidity . like to eat ? ” visit to madame de vendome , left his name at madame de chevreuse ’ s and wrote the following letter to d ’ artagnan : a most excellent sister . ” me , and try to recall every circumstance attending your arrest . thought it was time to try one of his favorite <unk> in fencing . of an enemy ! ” said athos	51.67161560058594
; “ for whom , then , do you take me ? ” this pretended duchess is ? your word , ” said morrel coldly ; then taking out his watch , he added , “ it is half-past eleven . ” appeared . ” aramis , you don ’ t want three horses ? father , that they should either ask the cardinals to open the cupboard , or shake hands with them ; but alexander vi . be here so young ! to depend on for assistance ? ” ! ” ? ” him come to paris ; and when once come to paris , to draw him into some snare . ” two . want of oil , but she paid no heed to the	53.979793548583984
darkness , and dawn came , but she knew not that it was day . gospel , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but one single fault has swallowed up all these fine qualities . ” , he has a good understanding with the shepherds in the plains , the fishermen of the tiber , and the smugglers of the coast . . ” his flesh and groaned aloud . are smiling . ” , ’ cried my father , ‘ stop a bit ; ’ then knitting his brows into a deep frown , he added , ‘ surely this can not be one of the morrel family who lived at marseilles , and gave us so much trouble from their violent <unk> mean about the	64.65145874023438
year 1815 . ’ touch me , pray don ’ t . ” ; let her go free , and i will exact nothing else from you . ” of so infamous a death , and passed suddenly from despair to an ardent desire for life and liberty . must monsieur pierrefonds have , when he was so fond of eating and drinking , even whilst he was only called monsieur porthos ! ” , and after depositing the ring in a casket filled with brilliants of every sort , for the cardinal was a connoisseur in precious stones , he called to bernouin to undress him , regardless of the noises of <unk> that , though it was now near midnight , continued to resound through paris	97.01215362548828
. lucien , i assure you , ” replied madame danglars ; “ and what i have told you is really the case , added to the ill-humor you remarked , but which i did not think it worth while to allude to . ” monsieur de rochefort ; i want him and you and all to aid me . ” pity , ” said athos , coolly . , who are visiting the colosseum by torchlight . ” . twenty-four years ’ reminiscences , he thought not of albert , of beauchamp , of château-renaud , or of any of that group ; but he thought of that courageous woman who had come to plead for her son ’ s life , to whom he had offered	47.83698272705078
his , and who had now saved it by the revelation of a dreadful family secret , capable of <unk> forever in that young man ’ s heart every feeling of filial piety . for the hope of the nation and the spirit of the lord are with me . , — “ do you hope the assassin will be tried ? ” , but indifferently . ” up and offered it to lord de winter . austria . ” commanded comminges , “ silence that old woman . ” of one thing—that those who laugh at him in his presence will never laugh a second time . ” seeking ? to you about me , tell him that i should have requested you to acquaint him that	67.53500366210938
in a short time he will see whether i am , as he says , too old for action . ” ” of him ? my lord has done me the honor to invite me to a supper to-morrow en tete-a-tete . ” , ” said he , calmly , “ believe that i know and appreciate , more than anybody , the merit of the incomparable eminence by whom we have the honor to be <unk> . ” completed as they arrived at the countess ’ s box . to them and again recommend silence . father , haydée ? ” on , ” replied d ’ artagnan , laughing heartily ; “ relate your story and i will applaud it if it is a good one	43.17770767211914
. ” the women of the <unk> <unk> are educated in italy ? ” ( this is the name of the lower class . ) whose whole fortune is staked on one cast of the die , experience the anguish which edmond felt in his paroxysms of hope . the past . ” ” reckon on one ’ s friends than on one ’ s footmen , ” said porthos . now , then , ” said monte cristo , listening . one , all the noises in the neighborhood ceased . an agreeable surprise ; but , strange to say , this portrait seemed to displease my father , and the value of the picture , which is , as you see , one of the best	54.28438949584961
works of léopold robert , could not overcome his dislike to it . nothing that i am styled louis the just , ” and he signed emery ’ s appointment . even more scarce than wine , your excellency , —there has been such a drought . ” had discovered a silver mine in the mountains of <unk> , but he had been careful to conceal it from everyone . hour , with a proud look and insolent demeanor ; he alighted , passed through the corridors , and entered the house without observing the hesitation of the door-keepers or the coolness of his colleagues . which we look ? ” replied monte cristo , laughing , “ that you had , probably , just dined together .	82.5317611694336
, and offered him a glass filled with <unk> , saying , ‘ to the health of the brave cucumetto and the fair <unk> ’ at this moment carlini heard a woman ’ s cry ; he divined the truth , seized the glass , broke it across the face of him who presented it , and rushed towards the spot whence the cry came . engaged in this fearful plot , is he , sir ? ” asked valentine , clasping her hands . <unk> me , he transports me ; the day after tomorrow he <unk> me among the infamous . to possess the knowledge you have . ” that i shall live ? ” the man alone and yet he perceived the necessity of starting	55.690879821777344
at once to bear these tidings to the comte de la fere . soon be called so generally . ” leave the plate within reach of his guest , who began by sipping the alicante with an expression of great satisfaction , and then delicately steeped his biscuit in the wine . badly chosen for a private conference . cry at finding herself <unk> in her trouble she did not at first recognize the young woman who had been given to her by laporte . the pioneers , there are four soldiers and a brigadier , armed with muskets . ” , and i will set out at once . approach the walls while playing ? ” two friends at first kept an embarrassed silence . arrival ,	79.65327453613281
and caused her to be seized ? athos . everybody is looking at her ; and in spite of bradshaw ’ s gaze she has not turned pale . ” as you know , but before he died he recompensed the services of fernand by leaving him a considerable sum , with which he returned to france , when he was <unk> lieutenant-general . ” one , perhaps ; but then , hereditary rank is <unk> . ” stop with this . their turn then advanced along the same path , which , at the distance of a hundred paces , led them over a declivity to the bottom of a small valley . had doubtless given you the plan of this house , in the hope the	59.37165832519531
count would kill you . letters to enter people ’ s houses in this manner . caderousse had forgotten , had not forgotten him , and at his death he bequeathed this diamond to him . ’ i suppose you heard haydée ’ s <unk> ; the poor exile frequently <unk> a weary hour in playing over to me the airs of her native land . ” lackeys retired . hat and gloves , ” returned monte cristo . be a baron . ” swear never to utter the name of noirtier ? ” procure a light ? ” not intended for you alone , porthos ? ” said aramis . said the count , “ have you nothing to do in this land ? ” young lady	57.30768585205078
you love , and whom you perhaps believe dead but who is not ! ” cried the bandit , throwing himself upon his knees and leaning upon his <unk> he began to lose his strength with his blood . eye , heaving breast , and lips half open , extended to albert a hand which the latter pressed with a sentiment resembling respectful fear . my lord ; for after five or six years of imprisonment it is natural to feel some curiosity as to one ’ s destination . ” me , if i tell all i know , to relate , in your turn , all that i do not know ? ” franz , “ this is an arabian nights ’ adventure . ” captain	59.17426681518555
without that , ” said dantès . diamond , ” said caderousse . tell you . the baron , about to fail her at the decisive moment ? , he has only undertaken this war to obtain a look from his lady love . moon , inquisitive , perhaps , like d ’ artagnan , came from behind a cloud and by her light d ’ artagnan recognized the large blue eyes , the golden hair and the classic head of the duchess de longueville . easy on that score . pronounced in my hearing once . , which was long , the public attention was continually drawn towards andrea , who bore the inspection with spartan unconcern . porthos , “ why separate , since we are	72.83937072753906
all together ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ it is the queen ’ s diamond . ” it , you speak in <unk> ” inquired the elder dantès . of love . disappear , and fearing to be surprised in the cavern , left it , his gun in his hand . happen an event which saved austria ? ” replied athos , “ that the viscount has just mounted his horse to proceed to the hotel de luynes . ” , — “ it is a pity you do not understand either ancient or modern greek , both of which haydée speaks so fluently ; the poor child will be obliged to talk to you in italian , which will give you but a very false	46.05336380004883
idea of her powers of conversation . ” him . ” murmured the count in a lugubrious tone . that in private the genial side descended to the level of the other , so that generally the indulgent man disappeared to give place to the brutal husband and domineering father . you have sentiments , the devil knows what , such as every one can ’ t entertain . chatillon will not come to the place royale to look for you . on , sir ? ” asked the notary of villefort . if they heard him shout like a madman ? also , ” replied albert ; “ and i very much fear you will go alone to the duke of bracciano ’ s ball . ”	61.62813949584961
” asked the duke . ! _ one might believe this is an allusion to the queen-mother ! o ’ clock , ” said d ’ artagnan , with the same calmness . the head of that movement , i can appreciate better than any other its significance and its probable results . do you ask ? monte cristo , “ i recognized him . ” had not been taken ; the people , believing that he had escaped by some back entrance , retired and left him at liberty to retreat . true ! ” said athos . cried , “ they have not wounded , but perhaps they have robbed me ! ” and he thrust his hands into his pockets . an instant entertain so	40.40399169921875
unworthy a thought , dear valentine ? , who charged him with an <unk> message to a bonapartist in paris , whose name i could not extract from him ; but this mission was to prepare men ’ s minds for a return ( it is the man who says this , sire ) —a return which will soon occur . ” ” asked the count , assuming all air and tone of the utmost simplicity and candor . at morrel , as if to say , “ perhaps i may . ” said the inspector , “ if he had been rich , he would not have been here . ” name of heaven , monsieur porthos ! ” cried she . pleasure , and bowed a	47.341129302978516
sign of assent . . ” next to you , bertuccio must be the richest gentleman in europe . ” somewhere ; you can say you were needlessly alarmed ; you can turn their suspicions and save my life ! ” , to pass on , since it is not with me you have anything to do . ” , ” said he , smiling . company of m. dessessart who were passing , two came to the assistance of the four companions , while the other ran toward the hôtel of m. de tréville , crying , “ to the rescue , musketeers ! ; it <unk> the countenance , and those around me do not then appear so ugly . sir , of her sad remains	60.702430725097656
; take the hand you expected to possess once more within your own , and then separate yourself from her forever . feel that ? ” that d ’ artagnan employed it quite naturally and instinctively . headsman of bethune , ” he said , his voice hoarse and his face livid with passion and grief . tender , constant heart of athos , and fearful <unk> were the torment of the <unk> aramis . , certainly , ” replied the count ; “ but tell me , does the count of morcerf never visit the opera ? that grave and severe face , whose calm expression personal griefs had been unable to disturb , and the aspect of a man who was a stranger to all human	79.21216583251953
emotions excited something very like terror . my mind returns to that terrible period i have no recollection of anything but the rigid corpse of poor madame <unk> . attention , and yet it was easily to be perceived , whatever effort she made to conceal her impressions , that this recital was not agreeable to her . matter now , planchet ? ” demanded d ’ artagnan . ? ” cried the king . which those only can conceive who have heard the roar of a wounded lion . to me living evidence that i am not a hideous exception to the rest . m. de château-renaud , ” asked beauchamp , “ how is morrel ? ” , smiled also . is not his element .	78.12999725341797
” the count . artagnan had often headed the bourgeoisie against the military , but he was cured of all those hot-headed propensities ; besides , he had the cardinal ’ s hundred pistoles in his pocket , so he went into the hotel without a word . . ” ? ” we left england , ignorant of the state of politics here , having left paris before the departure of the king . ” are a true frenchman ? ” d ’ artagnan , with some degree of emotion , “ i struck without knowing that it was you . with her own money , not mine ; nevertheless , you can understand that when 700,000 francs leave the wife ’ s pocket , the husband always	43.037696838378906
finds it out . united states , check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading , copying , displaying , performing , distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg™ work . , my god ! ” murmured the poor mercer , “ now , indeed , i am lost ! ” and he followed the guards who came for him , mechanically and without resistance . i beg of you . ” ” said the old man , with a smile ; “ and by your leave i will use your purse moderately , for they would say , if they saw me buy too many things at a time , that i	32.2286491394043
had been obliged to await your return , in order to be able to purchase them . ” morcerf , “ but that will plunge my mother into positive grief . ” of as honest a man as any on earth . to all probability she soon will be , ” replied edmond . ” i can say , kitty ! said athos , “ unless monsieur cardinal should form the ingenious idea of <unk> up grimaud , i think we may be pretty much at our ease respecting the letter . ” ( more numerous that evening than usual , for their number was <unk> by cooks and <unk> from the café de paris ) , <unk> on their employers their anger at what they termed the	83.91583251953125
insult to which they had been subjected , they collected in groups in the hall , in the kitchens , or in their rooms , thinking very little of their duty , which was thus naturally interrupted . ” prevent you refusing hospitality to his son-in-law , sir ! that morrel ’ s agitation would not escape the count ’ s penetrating eye . a just man ! ” cried milady , throwing herself at his feet . , ” said d ’ avrigny ; “ since you have commenced your sacred office , deign to continue it . this <unk> of yours is a deuced fine-looking <unk> dressed . a poor mercer , who detests huguenots and who <unk> spaniards , to be accused of high treason	62.4801025390625
? “ the keeper of the prison at saint germain will set councillor broussel at liberty ; ” and she had signed it . foliage , the least whistling of the wind , attracted his attention , and drew the perspiration to his brow ; then he tremblingly fixed his ladder , and , not to lose a moment , placed his foot on the first step . pistol and you were in full fight , sword in hand . ” . he leave your hôtel ? ” please , but i am sure of what i say . cried he , throwing himself on his horse . imprudent step ? cried d ’ artagnan , “ you could not have arrived in better time ; the dinner	40.18075942993164
can not have had time to get cold ! with passion , without even <unk> a look at the gold which sparkled on the table . own house , and to put yourself still more at your ease , pray accompany me to the apartments of m. de morcerf , he whom i wrote from rome an account of the services you rendered me , and to whom i announced your promised visit , and i may say that both the count and countess anxiously desire to thank you in person . <unk> at the agitated and embarrassed mercédès , and then again on the gloomy and menacing fernand . ring , after it has passed through the hands of that infamous creature ? horses , that they	65.57319641113281
might take a little rest without being unsaddled , and grimaud was posted as sentinel . , we will do better than <unk> each take a half . ” ” look into my conduct during the last four years that we have ceased to be husband and wife , and see whether it has not always been consistent . might take place during this night which approached so <unk> large masses of cloud rolled over the face of the sky , and distant lightning announced a storm . leaving at daybreak , for i was ashamed . ” will deny it . ” came fast . guarded now ; we only said he would escape . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ you were all in the	77.1683349609375
plot , then ! you are the bearer of a letter from the island of elba , and addressed to m. noirtier ? ” that this communication may relate to your marriage ? ” did you not ? ” i shall feel much pleasure . ” , he made him a sign to <unk> his musketoon . said d ’ artagnan to himself , to whose mind the niece of the theologian reverted , “ _pardieu_ , it would be droll if this belated <unk> should be in search of our friend ’ s house . ? ” said he . with a trembling voice read the following words : and with altered voice , ‘ ladies , ’ said she , ‘ wait for me ten minutes	33.711448669433594
, i shall soon return. ’ she then opened the door of her alcove , and went out . ” attacked the breakfast with good appetite , praising each dish he set before his visitor . endeavored twice to get up , and fell again twice . of albano , <unk> , civita-castellana , and <unk> . eyes fixed upon the light ; the boat went on , but the prisoner thought only of mercédès . soon as monsieur had left and disappeared round the corner of the street , monsieur bonacieux took his hat , shut his door , and set off at a quick pace in an opposite direction . ” to approach , threw a crown upon the table , mounted his horse , and	50.6927375793457
posted his letter at <unk> . we have said , mazarin was in his closet , putting his affairs in order . active army , went to the frontier with his regiment , and was at the battle of <unk> . morcerf , “ he said something about it to me . ” madame , ” said he , “ for the deference you have shown to my wishes , but i think you want two of the studs , and i bring them back to you . ” so stern with anger , strength and threat , that the most excited rebels <unk> back on one another , in order to escape , and some of them even rolled into the seine . ” lad , ”	44.65321731567383
said la ramee , “ and hear what i have to say . ” since i saw thee ! ” strict fidelity to government principles , a profound contempt for theories and <unk> , a <unk> hatred of <unk> , —these were the elements of private and public life displayed by m. de villefort . wait , —a week , a month , two months , if need be , —and meanwhile your strength will return . the indictment was ended . whose death he had devoted his life . walls of the staircase , were reflected gigantic shadows , which trembled in the flickering light of the <unk> till they seemed to reach to the vaulted roof above . sound of that voice ; she reopened her	88.51242065429688
eyes , cast a quick glance upon the man who had terrified her so , and at once perceiving it was d ’ artagnan , she uttered a cry of joy , “ oh , it is you , it is you ! cerberus ? ” you have conquered . ” you die , that you should die with sentiments of hatred toward me . ” full of splendid pride and manly intrepidity , placed in anne ’ s hands , in a bundle , the papers that he had one by one won from her with so much difficulty . two princesses , and bowing to de winter , departed . d ’ artagnan , “ does the queen , surrounded as she is by such devoted	47.950645446777344
servants , such wise <unk> , men , in short , so great by merit or <unk> she deign to cast her eyes on an obscure soldier ? ” the two friends had sent to secure a box at the argentina theatre , and were told they were all let . you please , mr. notary . ” turned around , and the dying man was by that turn brought nearer athos . it was just after this that you spoiled everything . ” d ’ artagnan , stopping the carriage . ” said the president , rising with gravity , “ be careful what you say ; your words clearly show us that they are deceived concerning you in the island of elba , and have deceived	71.41834259033203
us ! is my most intimate friend , and m. de château-renaud has also the honor of his acquaintance . ” and she is one of the greatest in her country too . ” room for rowing , his companion rejoined him and the boat began to move more rapidly . is to say , in <unk> , wrapped in a long , warm dressing-gown . ” owe this gracious prince ! . ” was at hand . so , at least . ” you should go there . ” wanting in grandeur ; i see but one impediment . ” . you , monsieur , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ ’ tis only because monsieur de la fere has spoken of friendship that i question	45.698265075683594
your conduct . ” ’ s hand and tried to turn the conversation . the count , “ you have , then , not forgotten that i saved your life ; that is strange , for it is a week ago . ” <unk> <unk> do not <unk> it appears that this recollection is connected with a lovely sky and some religious _fête_ ; mademoiselle was holding flowers in her hand , the interesting boy was chasing a beautiful peacock in a garden , and you , madame , were under the <unk> of some arbor . in her attendance on her mother and sought by her filial attentions to make her forget the absence of her two sons and her other daughter . you were glad to	70.0082015991211
hear that m. morrel ( i didn ’ t dare to say maximilian ) had been made an officer of the legion of honor ? ’ he signified assent ; only think of the poor old man ’ s being so pleased to think that you , who were a perfect stranger to him , had been made an officer of the legion of honor ! , and even seriously <unk> his brain to find a direction for this single force four times multiplied , with which he did not doubt , as with the lever for which archimedes sought , they should succeed in moving the world , when someone tapped gently at his door . murmured , — “ yes , be satisfied . ” him	72.9111328125
. the gates of calais , d ’ artagnan ’ s horse gave out , and could not by any means be made to get up again , the blood flowing from his eyes and his nose . said monte cristo . charles , “ juxon , thank you , my last friend ; you come at a fitting moment . ” felton , “ this is the person of whom i spoke to you , and whom you must convey safe and sound to france . ” soul of the old man seemed centred in his eyes which became bloodshot ; the veins of the throat swelled ; his cheeks and temples became purple , as though he was struck with <unk> ; nothing was wanting to	45.8002815246582
complete this but the utterance of a cry . said d ’ artagnan , advancing toward the cardinal , “ it seems to me that your eminence is losing precious time . the executioner , who in a few moments opened his eyes . may be for the best ; but we do not go far from this place ? ” porthos to aramis , “ we must do something . ” ” returned julie , “ it is treason in my brother to bring you thus , but he never has any regard for his poor sister . addressed ? ” ; it was in italy most probably , ” replied monte cristo ; “ you have travelled then in italy , mademoiselle ? ” , while	37.38204574584961
the young girl , seated at the foot of a huge pine that stood in the centre of the forest , made a veil of her picturesque <unk> to hide her face from the <unk> gaze of the bandits . , joining his hands , and shaking his head in a manner that would have excited the count ’ s laughter , had not thoughts of a superior interest occupied him , and rendered him attentive to the least revelation of this timorous conscience . what the axe had failed to do . ” d ’ artagnan , “ let us go . ” head was confused , for her <unk> plans clashed one another like chaos . the latter , “ am i no longer at liberty	53.08766174316406
to receive whom i choose in my house ? it me ! ” came down . ” of every kind as there are caprices and peculiarities in the physical and moral nature of humanity ; and i will say <unk> art of these chemists is capable with the utmost precision to <unk> and proportion the remedy and the <unk> to <unk> for love or desires for vengeance . ” prosperity of your establishment . ” moment one of the seven kings of paris , and has a court . on his future amours , addressing himself to the beautiful night , and smiling at the stars , ascended the rue <unk> , or <unk> , as it was then called . very active crew , very obedient to	78.77151489257812
their captain , who lost as little time as possible . returned anne of austria , fixing upon him a glance , which in any woman ’ s face would have expressed disdain , but in a queen ’ s , spread terror to those she looked upon , “ nay , i perceive you dare to threaten the mother of your sovereign . ” suppose mine had had the <unk> or the <unk> ? ” s rest is enough , ” replied the gascon . to try to find out milady . work , his servant , notwithstanding orders to the contrary , came to his room . , that chance has rendered me master of a <unk> ” managed . i was inactive ? ” .	73.631103515625
” <unk> hearts fondly united ; let us unite again , not our hearts , which have never been severed , but our courage and our fortunes . ” replied the duke . until the frightful overturn of reason was accomplished ; then uttering a loud cry followed by a burst of laughter , he rushed down the stairs . correctly ; mordaunt felt that he had no time to lose , and he lost none . in his voice which he could not quite disguise and which astonished the coadjutor . , at first timid and scared , soon recovered herself . perhaps the result of chance ; but they might be the fruits of a plot . was known as a familiar of the house ,	79.95652770996094
went straight to his office , and sent word that he wished to see him on something of importance . which he recommends you to me ? ” this remark , which was , however , so rude that madame danglars blushed . the habit of writing in the evening what had transpired in the morning ? then , intelligence of you . his sword , which was hanging on the wall ; aramis seized his knife ; d ’ artagnan arose . villefort , “ i do not lose a single word . ” then said , a fine blade , and had had much practice ; nevertheless it required all his skill to defend himself against an adversary who , active and energetic , departed every	52.87885284423828
instant from received rules , attacking him on all sides at once , and yet <unk> like a man who had the greatest respect for his own epidermis . d ’ artagnan even more earnestly than before . . ” have shaken him a little ; his voyage would upset him quite . ” , i sometimes lose all recollection of the past , and then i experience the same sort of happiness i can imagine the dead feel ; still , it is better than suffering . ” <unk> . compiegne and alighted at the peacock . not dead . ” of war ; and as bands of spaniards sometimes took advantage of the night to make expeditions even as far as the neighborhood of arras ,	75.05137634277344
they determined to remain in the town until the morrow . would have <unk> the soldier for indulging in such pleasantry , but his conscience murmured too loud for his mouth to dare speak . table he sat between the two empty bottles , while spectres danced in the light of the <unk> <unk> such as <unk> <unk> over his <unk> pages , like black , fantastic dust . a nubian ? ” asked debray . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i wished to speak of you , but i find you so completely detached from everything ! magistrate expressed great sympathy and <unk> for you ? ” but impossibilities . ” about that , and then we shall have the honor of presenting ourselves	64.67417907714844
to the general and receiving his commands for his eminence . ” danglars fell into a long seat placed near the chimney . complete a diversion from the attack that d ’ artagnan ’ s adversary , while the latter turned round to face this shower of blows , sheathed his sword with the same precision , and instead of an actor , which he had nearly been , became a spectator of the <unk> part in which he acquitted himself with his usual <unk> , muttering , nevertheless , “ a plague upon these gascons ! ask for me at all hours , and consequently to take advantage of all opportunities , you will probably obtain that which you desire . ” fere , madame , ”	67.75007629394531
replied the young man , bowing . sir , ” continued she , “ and i thank you for having made such haste to bring it to me ; without this letter i should not have heard till to-morrow , perhaps after <unk> last of all paris . ” then , may i confide my sorrows and my hopes ? ” at rogliano , and i said to assunta : and locked the door behind them . , i should say that you gave me the money ; this would cause inquiries , it would be found that i left toulon without giving due notice , and i should then be escorted back to the shores of the mediterranean . felton , i can do nothing but die	47.65769958496094
. i hope ? ” affair to spend the carnival at rome , especially when you have no great desire to sleep on the piazza del popolo , or the campo vaccino , they wrote to signor pastrini , the proprietor of the hôtel de londres , piazza di <unk> , to reserve comfortable apartments for them . t allow it . association of musketeers was composed of four persons . cristo . ” it is to have your father starve to death in your absence ? ” cried monte cristo , thrusting his hands into his hair ; “ have you seen the woman you loved giving her hand to your rival , while you were <unk> at the bottom of a dungeon ? ” ; the	51.36820602416992
cold drops ran down his forehead , and his heart was full of anguish . ” for joy ; he had despaired of finding bazin , but now , he thought , since he held one end of the thread he would be pretty sure to reach the other end . and excellent neighbor , ” replied the count , with a smile , “ you really exaggerate my trifling exertions . for them ; i shall pass over them . ” with him in normandy ; only three days since we looked on him as our best friend . ” nothing about the matter , that the orders i had received did not come from him , and that if i had the audacity to mention his	55.663639068603516
name as being concerned in this disturbance he would have me hanged . to say to thy friend planchet ? ” upon me . ” become acquainted with all these details ? ” asked the president . ” she said , “ proud and happy ; for i have found the means of <unk> this <unk> . ” the four friends , on account of the ceremony which each of them mingled with their demonstration , were somewhat forced and even the repast began with a kind of stiffness . who became eventually superintendent of finance . me , saying that she knew anne of austria , who was too proud to love such a worthless coxcomb . know this horse ? ” said mousqueton . ” remarked	47.49571990966797
madame de villefort in an agitated voice , and with a stifled sigh . begin to trust this man and to depend upon him , and i should have news from those without the prison walls . ” said i was alone , ” said milady , hoping to make the novice talk by talking of herself , “ it is not for want of friends in high places ; but these friends themselves tremble before the cardinal . ” remained a long time beneath the water . one in his passion ? ” him responsible for the evils that hung over them . luxury i enjoy , ” said the queen , glancing sadly around her . duke had escaped , the concierge had seen fit to	57.053131103515625
fasten the gate with a double lock . , and above all its formality , had not a little surprised the banker , who had immediately obeyed his daughter by repairing first to the drawing-room . _mazzolato_ , the second culprit _decapitato_ . imperial power <unk> is , scarcely had the emperor re-entered the tuileries and begun to issue orders from the closet into which we have introduced our readers , —he found on the table there louis xviii. ’ s <unk> <unk> , —scarcely had this occurred when marseilles began , in spite of the authorities , to <unk> the flames of civil war , always <unk> in the south , and it required but little to excite the populace to acts of far greater violence than	124.24685668945312
the shouts and insults with which they assailed the royalists whenever they ventured abroad . is agreed ; let us go down . ” story , count , ” said albert , terrified at the paleness of haydée ’ s countenance , “ and i reproach myself now for having been so cruel and thoughtless in my request . ” be sure ! infamy may diminish hers . ” mourning her loss , ” exclaimed the major , drawing from his pocket a checked handkerchief , and alternately wiping first the left and then the right eye . to say that it would not be a good match ? ” porthos . opened , and read it , then looked round for bertuccio , but he was gone	66.62386322021484
. ” toward the port . attention of the priest to the living as well as to the dead , and the abbé promised to devote his prayers to valentine and his attentions to noirtier . madame de morcerf who is come to you , it is mercédès . ” said , in a voice which was altered by emotion , “ i have always put you on your guard against new acquaintances . , is astonished at the sight of such unusual splendor , and the police have made inquiries . ” generous , am i not , mother ? ” in the united states , you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . was met	30.85679054260254
by the two notaries , who had just completed the act which was to disinherit valentine , and who were leaving under the conviction of having done a thing which could not fail of <unk> considerably to their credit . mines of peru , guzerat , and golconda are opened to you . fetch that letter under the fire of the bastion ? ” ‘ what do i care if i am ? ’ ” a moment in silence . ! ” <unk> , of course ? ” women flying toward the high street , leaving their children crying at the open doors , hastened to don the cuirass , and supporting their somewhat uncertain courage with a musket or a partisan , directed their steps toward the	84.27995300292969
hostelry of the jolly miller , before which was gathered , increasing every minute , a compact group , vociferous and full of curiosity . ” chambers forming the apartments remained as it had been in the time of the elder dantès ; the very paper was different , while the articles of antiquated furniture with which the rooms had been filled in edmond ’ s time had all disappeared ; the four walls alone remained as he had left them . he , “ is the hotel on fire ? ” on approaching the hotel of the roe he found , however , that it was in front of the next house the mob was collected . who was waiting for him on the stairs . buried	86.88532257080078
his head in the bed . understand it at all . ” gone to bed . the yacht to the dwelling of a jew ; retired with the latter for a few minutes to a small back parlor , and upon their return the jew counted out to the shipbuilder the sum of sixty thousand francs in bright gold pieces . useless to inquire , ” returned the count ; “ perhaps , after all , he was not the man you seek for . the object of universal attention ; the most extraordinary <unk> of ferocious daring and brutality were related of him . who detests you without reading you , so he says . ” paris on foot , carrying his little packet under his arm	77.44229888916016
, and walked about till he found an apartment to be let on terms suited to the <unk> of his means . word of honor , ” said gondy . . ” necessary , monseigneur will show him how that formality may be avoided . ” carried a rose-colored <unk> in his hand , the young lady , who was no other than the lovely greek who had been monte cristo ’ s companion in italy , was conducted to her apartments , while the count retired to the pavilion reserved for himself . that he had changed his baldric and relinquished his cloak . harm , ” said athos , “ in my knowing that d ’ artagnan is here , i presume there will be none	54.3095817565918
in his knowing that i am here . ” do not give me false information as you did the other day . ” the action of one throwing the lasso , then of a strangled lion . ” monte cristo , “ that ’ s a fine reason to give . <unk> this fernand with your father . ” , consequently i know nothing of your dinner . ” attacked by a fever , and died three days afterwards . if you will drink my health . ” court plunged into satire . prisoner ? ” cried the prince . noble patron annotating ancient volumes , and eagerly searching amongst dusty family <unk> . said she . the details of the first night , and with a beating	67.69556427001953
heart and a brain on fire he re-entered the hôtel and flew toward kitty ’ s chamber . to receive any tidings of my vessel as to remain in doubt . tell you what i did not like to mention on my return from yanina . ” maximilian , “ you shall not leave him . a crime ! ” d ’ artagnan , “ now i think of <unk> is to prevent our beginning to-night ? ” that profound confidence he ever had in the wisdom of his friend . in my onward career , before i have attained the goal at which i aim , for all the rest i have reduced to mathematical terms . to this <unk> would <unk> me . ! ” retorted	58.863800048828125
la carconte . a letter . ” said porthos , “ but i don ’ t like to abuse your kindness ; besides , i must think of my outfit ! ” threats of the two gentlemen and by the presence of their attendants , who doubtless had received their instructions . you are in paris ? ” perfect belief in the existence of vampires , and even assured me that he had seen them . sherbet . influence of which you speak , or that i have not myself experienced it , but with me it has been productive of evil rather than good . ” of no importance , ” continued d ’ artagnan , with natural assurance ; “ it ’ s of no importance	33.220157623291016
. , and i am happy to be able now to do more than detest <unk> despise them . ” inn , in which was consumed a liqueur which preserves its reputation to our time and which is still made in that town . as it flew over the rough stones , and the slightest obstacle under the wheels would have caused disaster ; but it kept on in the middle of the road , and those who saw it pass uttered cries of terror . . you know about the catalane . ” he to the procureur , whose heart beat so loudly that it might almost be heard , “ here is in this cup some syrup of violets , and this decanter contains the remainder	102.8064193725586
of the lemonade of which m. noirtier and barrois partook . that i may not bring fresh trouble into your family : and to set an example which every honest and devoted man , situated as i am , may follow . ” at least a week , ” said the patron , “ and then we must run out of our course to come here and take you up again . ” you have said ) the count andrea cavalcanti , son of major bartolomeo cavalcanti , a descendant of the cavalcanti whose names are inscribed in the golden book at florence . dilate and throb ; he opened his arms , and haydée , uttering a cry , sprang into them . the church ; i	64.63996124267578
re-enter it . ” who , surprised by this tumult , had gone to their windows to learn the cause of it , saw the door open , and four men , clothed in black , not <unk> out of it , but <unk> , like so many frightened crows , leaving on the ground and on the corners of the furniture , feathers from their wings ; that is to say , <unk> of their clothes and fragments of their cloaks . passage by which he was to leave vincennes . enough importance to me to spare your life for it ? ” asked the young man , <unk> his arm . danglars . of my shirts , and ripped out the seams in the sheets of	47.74290084838867
my bed , during my three years ’ imprisonment at fenestrelle ; and when i was removed to the château d ’ if , i managed to bring the <unk> with me , so that i have been able to finish my work here . ” conversation was most interesting to raoul , therefore he listened much , whilst the count talked well and long . upon his knee . the least desire to learn anything you may please to conceal from me , but simply that if , through your assistance , i could distribute the <unk> according to the wishes of the testator , why , so much the better , that is all . ” down there , talking politics with that little group of	66.28768157958984
great geniuses . ” hope , because i have a method of <unk> you . ” come back again . monsieur de coligny in the place royale and nothing was said of it . ” we have said , in very low spirits ; and nothing when he was in that state of mind increased his depression so much as gaiety in others . do with the child ? ” asked monte cristo . man was ! ” cried the young officer . said athos , pointing to mme . since the magistrate had heard a <unk> so strong , or rather , to say the truth more exactly , it was the first time he had ever heard of it . was more <unk> than his speech	34.47018051147461
, and therefore at the first halt he sold his steed and with the money obtained from the purchase took post horses . the plan , and orders were given to get under weigh next night , and , wind and weather permitting , to make the neutral island by the following day . but the mind always remembers . ” , ” continued the jesuit , without allowing him time to speak , “ that we ought to regret the world when we offer ourselves to god ? added . ! ” exclaimed la ramee . ridiculous to make a display of our triumph , said morrel , i would invite the count to our house ; besides that , he doubtless has some trembling heart to	97.4698486328125
comfort . to the count , and entered the adjoining room . recommended to you ? ” ” said athos , while d ’ artagnan went to conduct kitty downstairs . of the bottom ; she already heard morrel ’ s voice , when suddenly a cloud passed over her eyes , her stiffened foot missed the step , her hands had no power to hold the baluster , and falling against the wall she lost her balance wholly and <unk> to the floor . most piteous face . certainly laugh at me , you will say that i am always repeating the same thing , you will call me the most timorous of <unk> ; but to whom do you see a resemblance in that young man	62.59455108642578
? ” so difficult , ” replied d ’ artagnan , springing to the ground . mutton and i wish you joy of it. ” said d ’ artagnan . corso ? ” , who is a gourmand , sees his pates , thinks them more attractive than those of pere marteau and proposes to me that i shall try them . anything alone , ” said d ’ artagnan , shaking his head . my wife ! ; he has this moment returned . ” ? ” , are you not ? ” said lord de winter in his turn , fixing his eyes on those of milady . the conversation twice or thrice bit her lips ; she had to deal with a gascon who played	38.21145248413086
close . now traversed was the ancient appian way , and bordered with tombs . you must advise me what to do . ” , stood behind him . athos , “ are you still afraid ? ” so nervous , and so subject to fainting fits , i should require a doctor adelmonte to invent for me some means of breathing freely and <unk> my mind , in the fear i have of dying some fine day of suffocation . ! wished to learn all he possibly could concerning his host . ” some stratagem ? mme . something i wish to see . ” story . language , did he ? ” the feet of the cardinal . toward that place and dismounted at the <unk>	92.79676055908203
d ’ or . lord ; it shall be so . ” in advance of them , an hour , perhaps . them to those of my cloth who wish to become great orators . ” prisoners in the bastile , who were <unk> up in the time of monsieur de richelieu ; i don ’ t even know their names . ” to refuse him a request of that sort . is absolutely in custody ? ” said the marquise . the greatest man of ancient times . ” lead his prisoner off the battle-field . ; the duchess held him back . to present these proofs for his appreciation . ” window . ” replied the magistrate . you are in more danger riding than on	58.97713851928711
foot . ” called mouston , ” thought d ’ artagnan ; “ ’ tis too long a word to pronounce ‘ mousqueton . ’ ” efforts on the part of morrel to renew his credit or revive the old . , so chaste and so loving , which <unk> to heaven . me , whom you accuse of speaking loud and <unk> . of love , monsieur , ” said the young woman , shaking her head . , then , comes the axiom that if you visit to discover the author of any bad action , seek first to discover the person to whom the <unk> of that bad action could be in any way advantageous . . ” he was undergoing the agonies preceding death	77.7398681640625
. therefore , and in doing so i shall confer a personal favor on him , how he is mistaken in regard to me . , i shall have an independent fortune , and ” — with much calmness , his eyes gave forth <unk> of extraordinary ferocity . for that very evening ; but we are bound to say , to the credit of our hero , that the bad opinion entertained by m. de tréville of women in general , did not inspire him with the least suspicion of his pretty hostess . see you , madame , but you shall every day hear of me . eve of it . evident that his neighbor distrusted him . ” king , ” said the man ,	69.5480728149414
rising again . villefort , with a mournful smile , “ i have already had the honor to observe that my father <unk> least , i hope <unk> his past errors , and that he is , at the present moment , a firm and zealous friend to religion and <unk> better royalist , possibly , than his son ; for he has to atone for past <unk> , while i have no other impulse than warm , decided preference and <unk> ” having made this well-turned speech , villefort looked carefully around to mark the effect of his oratory , much as he would have done had he been addressing the bench in open court . with a pretty little girl for this evening , and do	85.8270263671875
not wish to be known ; lend me your livery till tomorrow . gentlemen ; but no doubt this man brings me the news i <unk> ” and rising also , he went off at a quick pace . those emotions so fresh and pure , the fine , noble face of athos betrayed indescribable pleasure ; he inhaled the tones of that young voice , as harmonious music . artagnan with eyes fixed upon him and clasped him in his arms . , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ and it is very natural that she should love the spanish , who are the children of the same soil as herself . she was of the color of ashes . examining this portrait with no less	73.40880584716797
care than he had bestowed upon the other , when another door opened , and he found himself opposite to the count of morcerf in person . he , “ we have at <unk> , ugolino ’ s tower ; at <unk> , tasso ’ s prison ; at <unk> , the room of <unk> and <unk> . ” , ” said aramis , “ you don ’ t seem to be aware that i can see you in that mirror , and you forget that once for all i have forbidden all signs of approbation or <unk> . , a flight which my father was trying to effect . , my dear cavalcanti , ” said the count , pouring out for him a second glass of	33.03282928466797
alicante ; “ your emotion has quite overcome you . ” . ! ” cried milady . he looked around him . i was there , and very anxious to speak ; but danglars restrained me . himself in there . ” exclaimed dantès . join the princes ! ” followed him this evening to the opera , and , concealed in a <unk> box , have seen all . ” d ’ artagnan , shaking his head . all my heart , ” said comminges . ; instead of the costume of our fathers , which you despise , i will wear a varnished hat , a striped shirt , and a blue jacket , with an anchor on the buttons . exclaimed villefort , stepping back	38.49692916870117
fearfully , “ surely that is not the voice of the abbé busoni ! ” he was going to fight an englishman . athos , “ when must we set out ? ” but though he nearly broke the cord no one answered . meet him . road which leads him to a <unk> , and perhaps will not be sorry to get us out of his way . ” and uttered a very feeble “ yes , ” but morrel , disengaging his hand , rushed to the bed , and after having pressed the cold lips of valentine with his own , hurriedly left , uttering a long , deep groan of despair and anguish . as much happiness as this world can possibly confer .	64.24791717529297
” of his command . shut in with me . ” will always treat my enemies and yours , duke , however high they may be placed , and whatever peril i may incur in acting severely toward them . ” , ” answered d ’ artagnan ; “ but paris . ” count , in a tone that made franz shudder , “ this young gentleman is one of _my <unk> young gentleman lodges in the same hotel as <unk> young gentleman has been up and down the corso for eight hours in my private carriage , and yet , i repeat to you , you have carried him off , and conveyed him hither , and , ” added the count , taking the letter from	69.13301849365234
his pocket , “ you have set a ransom on him , as if he were an utter stranger . ” directed the assassin ’ s dagger so as to end your career in a moment , has given you this quarter of an hour for repentance . of the misfortune which thus suddenly frustrated his hopes , dantès did not lose his presence of mind , but descended into the passage , dragging his unfortunate companion with him ; then , <unk> , <unk> him , he managed to reach the abbé ’ s chamber , when he immediately laid the sufferer on his bed . <unk> beautiful ! ” cried louise . have gone without sleep , sustained as she was by all the <unk> which	62.80754470825195
a new adventure awakened in her heart , ever thirsting for intrigues , she nevertheless accepted the offer of the superior . tremble ; he seated himself upon a log of wood . he , “ my dear friend , how god punishes the most thoughtless and <unk> men for their indifference , by presenting dreadful scenes to their view . present possession of the letter . saying that m. noirtier having at the commencement of the discussion been attacked by a sort of apoplectic fit , the affair would necessarily be deferred for some days longer . as villefort had arrived at the corner of the rue des <unk> , a man , who seemed to have been waiting for him , approached ; it was m.	71.24822998046875
morrel . albert . <unk> . ” anxious to see you , that i might repeat <unk> the thanks writing can so ill express . ” attitude , and threw myself down . <unk> ; will go night and day . ” illumined the old man ’ s eyes . room , ” replied groslow . valentine , “ has not the count just told us that all human wisdom is summed up in two words : i have no sword , ” said the englishman . ? ” is formed , let us act promptly . you please . ” . and mingled in the crowd who followed on foot . we have had a good dinner ; and i , for my part , have a	39.37752151489258
somewhat hazardous expedition for this evening , and shall not be sorry , i confess , to fortify myself with a few glasses of good old burgundy . ” a <unk> manner that made dantès indignant , for he felt that all the world should have for the poor abbé a love and respect equal to his own . ’ artagnan , ” said planchet proudly . of his salon proved to franz and albert that he was a connoisseur of pictures . near the thickest part of the hedge . ” you speak like theology personified . they bandaged his eyes with a care that showed their apprehensions of his committing some indiscretion . the man in the mantle reappeared . a man . ” as if	72.2685317993164
his feet had been rooted to the ground ; then he put the butt of his carbine to his shoulder , took aim at the ravisher , followed him for a second in his track , and then fired . this diamond ; you will divide the money into five equal parts , and give an equal portion to these good friends , the only persons who have loved me upon earth . ’ ” andrea , at war with society ever since his youth , was quite as deep as a gendarme , even though he were advanced to the rank of brigadier , and quite prepared for the fire , he had climbed out on the roof and was crouching down against the <unk> . harrison	85.19473266601562
, laughing , and looking over at one of the officers seated at his table . one of those diabolical smiles which used formerly to make d ’ artagnan shudder , but d ’ artagnan could now see it without alarm , and smiling in his turn , with an expression of melancholy which the recollections called up by that smile could , perhaps , alone give to his countenance , he said : beneath the portrait , was the casket containing the diamond studs . 79 . expensive wine , ” said blaisois , shaking his head . disappointed in his expectation . d ’ artagnan , driven to extremities , biting his moustache ; and then he charged with his twenty men and dispersed them in	66.83650970458984
fear . said , looking at the stone , “ this is the work of either hercules or porthos . ? ” is so serious and important that i have not informed my friends that i would <unk> this secret to you ; and for a captain ’ s commission i would not write it . ” his yacht round the island , studying it as a skilful horseman would the animal he destined for some important service , till at the end of that time he was perfectly conversant with its good and bad qualities . his head , you being on the trap , dead or alive , they will need at least ten minutes to find the hole by which he has escaped . ,	65.60368347167969
but an honest citizen , well off in the world , with a house of my own . will wait for you in the port of bastia , it will be called the <unk> . out ; depend upon it the custom-house people went rummaging about the ship in our absence , and discovered poor dantès ’ hidden treasures . ” to be shot in a box . ” farther , ” said the other . horse , and let him begone ! ” sir ? ” he said , respectfully . ” asked gondy , feigning astonishment , “ that her majesty summoned me to ask for my opinion ? ” know no one , ” said the major . do not faint ; i avenge myself	52.221492767333984
! ” this moment , and perhaps it is already too late . ” , threw herself quickly into the armchair , her head thrown back , her beautiful hair <unk> and disheveled , her bosom half bare beneath her crumpled lace , one hand on her heart , and the other hanging down . to danger , forewarned as they may be of peril , they understand , by the <unk> of the heart and the shuddering of the frame , the enormous difference between a dream and a reality , between the project and the execution . the _pharaon_ , they must have found snug <unk> elsewhere , for they also had disappeared . the horses could not be more than a hundred and fifty paces	59.50285339355469
distant . with me alone , do you not ? ” said bertuccio . and i will die with that hope . ” you is to make you one of the agents of that <unk> ’ the bargain was concluded . he wrote , implored , threatened , and so energetically , that on the second restoration he was persecuted as a bonapartist . for men before . ” a man knows more about politics than a woman , particularly such as , like you , monsieur bonacieux , have conversed with the cardinal . us ; we can <unk> , like the _pharaon_ , under bare <unk> . ” you love your family , madame coquenard , ” said the procurator , with a smile that was	42.94550704956055
almost tragic . luxury to have them alive , it being an amusing sight to see them die , for , when dying , they change color three or four times , and like the <unk> when it disappears , pass through all the <unk> shades , after which they were sent to the kitchen . cabriolet , and hastened to the publisher ’ s office . said d ’ artagnan ; “ they began the day he was sold . ” your own , but do not fill or empty mine . be a match for you ! ” murmured milady , between her teeth ; “ be assured of that , you poor spoiled monk , you poor converted soldier , who has cut his uniform	78.95528411865234
out of a monk ’ s frock ! ” can be no harm in myself and party being in readiness , in case your excellency should fail . ” we must take people as we find them . palpitating more than ever , entered the courtyard without dismounting . island seemed to lift from the sea , and the air was so clear that they could already distinguish the rocks heaped on one another , like cannon balls in an arsenal , with green bushes and trees growing in the crevices . , my life ! opened immediately to admit him . breakfast , did you not ? pockets , and took from one of them the order for the passage . your excellency , ” he said	73.3843765258789
to him ; “ you heard what the count just said , and also my reply ; let me add that i would not for the four thousand piastres at which i had fixed your friend ’ s ransom , that this had happened . ” to make you dislike me ? ” sounded the signal for the ballet . the royal bed , my simar , madame , looks not unlike the mantle worn by kings . ” this cry than the door opened and athos and aramis rushed out . really <unk> from the neighborhood of rome . ! ” and a frightful , <unk> laugh finished the sentence , which was lost in a hoarse rattle . nothing , ” said athos , appearing to	59.856407165527344
look about him , that he might hide his emotion . he would tame médéah in the space of six months . has suffered much from the vengeance and persecution of the cardinal ! ” suspended from one of the branches of the oak which shaded his daughter ’ s grave . is impossible . ” the letter being given up to him , i would have presented the letter to him with one hand , and with the other i would have run my sword through his body . ” mother , he found her in the boudoir reclining in a large velvet armchair , the whole room so obscure that only the shining <unk> , fastened here and there to the drapery , and the angles	60.29391860961914
of the gilded frames of the pictures , showed with some degree of brightness in the gloom . to his happiness . elapsed , ere he saw everything as distinctly as by daylight . dared to utter , at the first freedom to which i had to reply , i called for help . ” some of the servants , ran up in alarm on hearing the cries of maximilian . the twenty-fifth . twenty years of age ; profession , artist ; hair black , eyes black ; travelling with his sister . ” were presented at his office with scrupulous exactitude , and , thanks to the delay granted by the englishman , were paid by cocles with equal punctuality . not have this ? ”	92.18711853027344
asked the owner ; “ he is young , it is true , but he seems to me a thorough seaman , and of full experience . ” this famous luigi vampa be ? ” inquired albert ; “ he may be very famous at rome , but i can assure you he is quite unknown at paris . ” d ’ artagnan , who began to suspect the truth . his father ’ s views , he will , perhaps , give him one , two , or three millions . comminges , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you will find that my friend , monsieur du vallon , will go to the most fatal lengths if cardinal mazarin continues to provide us with this	35.45299530029297
sort of meat ; mutton every day . ” say , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , with a smile of sadness and contempt . caderousse , “ yes , as the sun disappears , to rise the next day with still more splendor . ” understand that vigorous nature which appeared to have none of the <unk> of woman . busoni . ” was the gentleman and his escort ; he called out to him , but they were too distant to be heard ; then , in spite of the weariness of his beast , he made it gallop but the rising ground soon deprived him of all sight of the travelers , and when he had again attained a new height , the	53.37191390991211
ferryboat had left the shore and was making for the opposite bank . please them more than you are wont to do when they are under our windows . la ramee to sit down to table , the guards to go and drink , the duke to escape . , m. de morcerf sets you the example . ” of the bed and softly kissed the placid forehead of her son ; then she retired as silently as she had come , merely saying to laporte : now threatened , would be safe , and you— ” sir , ’ said haydée , drawing from under her veil a satin <unk> highly perfumed ; ‘ for here is the register of my birth , signed by my father	81.81205749511719
and his principal officers , and that of my baptism , my father having consented to my being brought up in my mother ’ s faith , —this latter has been sealed by the grand <unk> of <unk> and epirus ; and lastly ( and perhaps the most important ) , the record of the sale of my person and that of my mother to the armenian merchant el-kobbir , by the french officer , who , in his infamous bargain with the porte , had reserved as his part of the booty the wife and daughter of his benefactor , whom he sold for the sum of four hundred thousand <unk> ’ a greenish pallor spread over the count ’ s cheeks , and his eyes became	74.41415405273438
bloodshot at these terrible <unk> , which were listened to by the assembly with ominous silence . soil his boots with this artificial <unk> , <unk> them rather sharply . at the door of the cabin to hear if the musketeers were still asleep , had gone down into the cellar , convinced by their silence that they were all in a deep slumber . soon as he awoke , danglars asked for the newspapers ; they were brought to him ; he laid aside three or four , and at last fixed on _l ’ impartial_ , the paper of which beauchamp was the chief editor . fellow , you know , as well as i do , there are no men , but <unk> feelings ,	80.52156066894531
but interests ; in politics we do not kill a man , we only remove an obstacle , that is all . the swiss to yield to him the disputed chamber ; the swiss refused by shaking his head , and drew his sword . ? ” asked he . trench , and threw the corpse beside the wounded man , who was as pale as death . lord , ” said the mendicant in a hoarse voice . perhaps he would say nothing , but he would see . them ! ” with all his appointments and furniture . ” or twenty millions , ” said andrea with a look sparkling with joy . her love , humbled her in her pride , thwarted her in her	36.028629302978516
ambition ; and now he ruins her fortune , <unk> her of liberty , and even threatens her life . sent for me , it is doubtless to question me on what happened there . i am ! ” cried she , clasping her hands , and raising her eyes to heaven . their lives for him , and besides had done him a great service ? ” . to the past , and it is , indeed , bad enough . of journalist , open all the theatres to him . ” , ” said he , “ at least thou <unk> but me alone . ” ? ” with me ? ” said monte cristo . for us , baptistin , ” said the count .	24.322067260742188
is all . event has happened ! ” said the lady , glancing inquiringly at lucien , — “ m . then ! ” cried d ’ artagnan to the man with the scythe , taking one of the pistols up by the muzzle and preparing to strike with the handle . combined with his irony and boldness , staggered caderousse . to force that barrier and returned up the quay . three or four boards which made his chamber another ear of dionysius , spread a carpet on the floor , went upon his knees , and made a sign to mme . we speak pursued valentine even in her sleep , or rather in that state of <unk> which succeeded her waking hours ; it was	70.35711669921875
then , in the silence of night , in the dim light shed from the alabaster lamp on the chimney-piece , that she saw the shadows pass and repass which <unk> over the bed of sickness , and fan the fever with their trembling wings . ? ” attack , and turned to caderousse , whose countenance he scrutinized , to try and detect whether the blow was premeditated ; but he read nothing but envy in a countenance already rendered brutal and stupid by drunkenness . at once . ” on valentine , which look was at once so earnest and imperative , that she answered immediately . . of different persons done with the right hand <unk> , that performed with the left hand is invariably	101.1501693725586
uniform . ” ” said porthos , “ there is nine o ’ clock . , ” continued the count , as if in consideration for d ’ artagnan ’ s embarrassment , “ you , the best heart , the best friend , the best soldier that i <unk> , with a soul that makes you worthy of a birth on the steps of a throne , and who , sooner or later , must receive your reward from an intelligent <unk> , my dear porthos , you , a gentleman in manners , in tastes and in courage , you are as culpable as d ’ artagnan . ” . proceeded was opposite the opening by which the count could see into the dressing-room . unhappy	44.519840240478516
; but god , our courage , and the remembrance of our friendship sustain us . porthos . was talking louder than the rest of us , he took him for the chief , ” said d ’ artagnan . the town with the royal captive ; but on the road an aide-de-camp , from cromwell , sent orders that colonel tomlison should conduct him to <unk> castle . , ” said debray , “ she is no doubt occupied in <unk> balm for the hospitals , or in making <unk> for herself or friends . have in <unk> ” and after having assured himself that the prisoner was gone , the deputy procureur hastened to the house of his betrothed . said aramis , “ take care	52.90388488769531
; our safety lies in our obscurity . to forget it . no idea where they are . ” little inlaid casket which stood upon the dressing table , opened it with a feverish and trembling hand , drew from it a small poniard , with a golden <unk> and a sharp thin blade , and then threw herself with a bound upon d ’ artagnan . provincial was a gascon ; and that , particularly at this period , the compatriots of d ’ artagnan had the reputation of not being easily intimidated . me . ” to him and killed him . him go upstairs carrying two or three heavy ledgers , a portfolio , and a bag of money . , that the count ’	55.276912689208984
s coachman was attired in a <unk> , exactly resembling <unk> ’ s in _the bear and the <unk> ; and the two footmen behind were dressed up as green <unk> , with spring masks , with which they made <unk> at everyone who passed . we have said , had become more tranquil , as always happens after a past danger , particularly when the danger seems to have vanished . going to set you an example of confidence , they give me 50,000 francs a year to be your son ; consequently , you can understand that it is not at all likely i shall ever deny my parent . ” ? ” said the man . the youth of d ’ artagnan , and dreaded	73.38517761230469
his <unk> . whom i love . cardinal when he undertook this siege were extensive . sire , and with your permission la chesnaye will bid them come up . ” a sight of one of these _tavolettas_ . ” said the count mysteriously , his eyes fixed on the corpse , disfigured by so awful a death . ” to parry this unexpected blow ; the monarchy he had scarcely reconstructed tottered on its precarious foundation , and at a sign from the emperor the <unk> structure of ancient prejudices and new ideas fell to the ground . villefort , “ i will render a faithful report to your majesty , but i must entreat your forgiveness if my anxiety leads to some obscurity in my <unk>	84.15999603271484
” a glance at the king after this discreet and subtle exordium , assured villefort of the <unk> of his august auditor , and he went on : of their journey . ” . ” milady ; “ the austere puritan lies . ” exclaimed the baroness . . knows him well , ” cried milady , carried away by her anger . but less nimbly , showing plainly that this mode of ascent was not one to which he was accustomed . dantès , who almost fancied he had to do with one gifted with supernatural powers ; still hoping to find some <unk> which might bring him down to a level with human beings , he added , “ then if you were not furnished with	89.95362854003906
pens , how did you manage to write the work you speak of ? ” help . same . very well toward you , as it appears , my dear porthos , ” said d ’ artagnan , directing the sick man ’ s attention to the full stewpans and the empty bottles . ; i am dying . ” men who do not rashly court danger , but if danger presents itself , combat it with the most unalterable coolness . ; a <unk> is needful . ” so . my man ’ s skull , ” cried d ’ artagnan . said , “ you have been too good in pardoning me ; i was wrong , a hundred times wrong . to good advice ?	38.83049392700195
” ” exclaimed monte cristo , “ can my suspicions be correct ? , ” continued felton , in a voice that became more sharp and rough , “ that your grace knows that it is to milady de winter this relates . ” by they ? ” the condition of affairs . another , whilst exchanging a last look . , monsieur , ” replied planchet , “ <unk> are found out by being used . eminence , ” said the queen , becoming impatient , “ what is your answer ? ” soldiers . ” fell , and the spectators poured forth from the theatre into the lobbies and salon . and the little troop advanced at charging pace . caused me to wait a little	47.089378356933594
while , i should have felt quite sure that the delay was not occasioned by any fault of yours . ” has just disappeared amid a cloud of dust , has furnished me with a living image of the <unk> of the things of the earth . the groom , “ they have traversed six leagues and have only been unsaddled half an hour . ” i had previously inquired of dantès what was his opinion of you , and if he should have any reluctance to continue you in your post , for somehow i have perceived a sort of coolness between you . ” i should have left you without seeing you again , but that would have been a virtue beyond my strength , because	59.11769104003906
i am a weak and vain man , fond of the tender , kind , and <unk> glances of my fellow-creatures . said lord winter . follower was also still asleep , her head leaning back on the chair , in all respects worthy of her mistress . other cavaliers made their appearance , detached , as it seemed , from the principal group ; they again disputed the road . joy . . ” madame ! ” standing , but at a motion from the queen they seated themselves . , ” answered the gascon . led him through the adjacent chamber and left him with a doorkeeper , showing him the way out . though you bade me call forth the dead or walk upon the	82.87935638427734
water . ” triumph . ” from surgères to <unk> ; and there the king and his minister took leave of each other with great demonstrations of friendship . go , sir , ” said de guiche , “ remember that we have two steeds able to catch your mule and the power of having you seized wherever you may be ; and then i swear your trial will be <unk> ; one can always find a tree and a cord . ” , or rather , one cause , to whom a man like me can be <unk> of the king . ” turned away , sighing heavily . organ or <unk> on the stomach , another on the brain , another on the intestines . villefort	60.6573486328125
; “ oh , doctor , what a dreadful word is that . ” saint-méran also grandfather to mademoiselle danglars ? ” repeated the young gentleman , releasing the mane and sliding from the saddle into raoul ’ s arms ; raoul was but ten yards from the shore ; there he bore the fainting man , and laying him down upon the grass , unfastened the buttons of his collar and <unk> his doublet . feet , extending his hand in the direction whence came the sound , there was no mistaking it—it was the noise of cannon . haydée , that so perfect a seclusion , though <unk> with the habits and customs of the east , may not be practicable in paris . had been	64.69712829589844
so long forgotten , returned ; he recollected the prayers his mother had taught him , and discovered a new meaning in every word ; for in prosperity prayers seem but a mere <unk> of words , until misfortune comes and the unhappy sufferer first understands the meaning of the sublime language in which he invokes the pity of heaven ! i told you , ” replied danglars , “ that i considered the circumstance of his having anchored at the island of elba as a very suspicious circumstance . ” at this house , d ’ artagnan entered a small tavern at the corner of the street and asked for a cup of hypocras . i carry my egotism so far as to say , ‘ do	67.9962387084961
not forget me , my kind friends , for probably you will never see me again . ’ ” is to be made a cardinal ; they are <unk> the hat for him . ” or fifty entered , exactly resembling the smuggler who had introduced franz into the cavern ; but he did not appear to recognize him . ? ” there to pronounce the sentence of death against a murderer . the young man who , spite of the agitation he could not but feel , advanced with dignity , and said , in a firm voice : and paper , ” muttered fernand . have a wretchedly small garden . ” fellow , if that some one recognizes us , if that some one cries	54.26698684692383
out , we are lost ; for you don ’ t propose , i imagine , that i shall kill that man of the church . the young girl , “ he never even glances at me ; on the contrary , if i accidentally cross his path , he appears rather to avoid me . don ’ t be obstinate , for when others are obstinate i am obstinate likewise , and then i become ferocious and headstrong , and there ’ s my friend , who is even more headstrong and ferocious than myself . you . ” , for in five minutes the queen entered in full gala costume . it with as much impatience as i do ; perhaps this evening madame bonacieux will	71.94972229003906
visit the conjugal domicile . ” however , though “ man proposes , ” yet “ money disposes. ” from some such difficulty the newly named street died almost in birth , and the purchaser of the kitchen-garden , having paid a high price for it , and being quite unable to find anyone willing to take his bargain off his hands without a considerable loss , yet still clinging to the belief that at some future day he should obtain a sum for it that would repay him , not only for his past outlay , but also the interest upon the capital locked up in his new acquisition , contented himself with letting the ground temporarily to some <unk> , at a yearly <unk> of 500	191.7481231689453
francs . mine . ” descended into the room below , approached the fire and lit a candle . or three fathoms to reach the boat , for the approach of death seemed to give him supernatural strength . ; the duke fights against us . ? ” countenances of luigi and teresa their steadfast resolution not to surrender him , and he drew from his pocket a purse full of gold , which he offered to them . , and as soon as she had stepped into her carriage , it drove away , sometimes towards the right hand , sometimes to the left ; then about twenty minutes afterwards the gentleman would also leave , buried in his cravat or concealed by his handkerchief . four	49.707157135009766
friends was certainly d ’ artagnan , although he , in his quality of guardsman , would be much more easily equipped than messieurs the musketeers , who were all of high rank ; but our gascon cadet was , as may have been observed , of a provident and almost avaricious character , and with that ( explain the contradiction ) so vain as almost to rival porthos . this woman who had ruined him , who was more than his accomplice , since she had urged him to the crime , should at least share his punishment . ! by some means , no doubt , of my return . villefort ? ” the men stopped short , respectfully . cahusac , a favorite of the	98.4927978515625
cardinal ’ s . not on him , monsieur ; it was on another . ” to breakfast , ” said beauchamp ; “ for , if i remember , you told me you only expected two persons , albert . ” influence of this happiness from the moment he entered the house , and he remained silent and pensive , forgetting that he was expected to renew the conversation , which had ceased after the first salutations had been exchanged . . —are you sure , albert ? ” kindness which edmond showed him was enough for the brave seaman . form , so that when her back was turned she still was not unlike the girl who had jumped , with anne of austria , over	65.72034454345703
the moat of the tuileries in <unk> . true , ” said blaisois ; “ at least , i can ’ t now recall it . ” your unfortunate companion appeared to me to belong to the church . ” ” said the prince , “ i understand that language thoroughly ; and since he is italian i will myself continue the examination . found a better remedy for my grief than either a bullet or a knife . ” can ring . ” rank and fortune , and to begin this hard apprenticeship i must borrow from a friend the loaf i shall eat until i have earned one . plank from his floor , and nothing remaining but a simple ceiling between him and the room	78.90007781982422
beneath , in which the interrogatories were made , he heard all that passed between the <unk> and the accused . , sir , as our place of meeting , in order to avoid the disagreeable impressions and influences of a banker ’ s study . , it appears , to have our <unk> pierced in all sorts of ways . ” marry andrea , my dear m. danglars , that you are asking so many questions ? ” satisfy himself that it really belongs to us , he wishes you to relate to him , as i have done already , the miraculous manner in which the diamond came into our possession . noticed passed rapidly behind the tomb of <unk> and héloïse , placed itself close	66.95811462402344
to the heads of the horses belonging to the <unk> , and following the <unk> ’ s men , arrived with them at the spot appointed for the burial . indulge all your fancies ; besides , should you find your income insufficient , you can , for the sake of the past , madame , make use of mine ; and i am ready to offer you all i possess , on loan . ” are shut <unk> . ” orleans and to condé were suggested . how necessary <unk> is in any large establishment of servants . ” a mute promptitude which showed him accustomed to obey blindly and without reply . he continued , “ has been done with the poor body ? ” upon	63.935672760009766
it , may i not ? ” with a sentiment of uneasiness whether planchet , who alone could give them information , was alive or dead , that the friends returned to the place royale ; to their great surprise they found the citizens still <unk> there , drinking and bantering each other , although , doubtless , mourned by their families , who thought they were at charenton in the thickest of the fighting . in no way obliged to go with me . ” , the gracefully formed boats , and the golden light in which the whole scene was bathed , the count of monte cristo , wrapped in his cloak , could think only of this terrible voyage , the details of which were	58.24735641479492
one by one recalled to his memory . arrived at thirsk . has been drained by me to the very dregs , and i feel that the grave is not far distant . help . athos , laughing . silent , scarcely visible , and like a shadow , was a sentinel , who was walking up and down before a grotto , which was only distinguishable because in that spot the darkness seemed more dense than elsewhere . , and morrel at the same moment darted out at the other door . count , ” answered the mother , agreeably flattered , “ he has great aptitude , and learns all that is set before him . that point ? ” ” said the <unk> abbé ,	59.19868087768555
who began to understand ; “ and what name does the young man bear meanwhile ? ” by certain signs , to recognize a door , and approaching that door , “ and now , monsieur , ” said she , “ it is here i have business ; a thousand thanks for your honorable company , which has saved me from all the dangers to which , alone , i was exposed . was burning there , and it appeared like a star set in a heaven of blackness ; it was selim ’ s flaming lance . to him ; with his usual quickness he caught the anxious glance . the curious pens with which you have written your work . ” and return to their	75.47557830810547
own country , there to hide their shame , if its hills are high enough ; i have nothing more to do with them nor they with me . afar , and the cardinal is <unk> . ” it , aramis ? ” andrea was not very handsome , the hideous scoundrel ! , ’ continued cucumetto , laughing , ‘ sooner or later your turn will come. ’ carlini ’ s teeth clenched convulsively . commanded m. de chevalier dessessart to admit d ’ artagnan as a cadet in his company of guards . he said ; and he went toward the door of the second compartment . . nothing . not take place , edmond , since you forgive ? ” another sword ? ” asked	59.38097381591797
porthos . , ” said milady , “ it is possible i may be deceived , and that d ’ artagnan and his friends may really come to your assistance . ” but have you no groom ? ” , ” said monte cristo ; “ i perceive that my story has caused a general emotion , and i beg to <unk> to you , baroness , and to mademoiselle danglars . ” of the justice of her <unk> of all this i have the proofs ? ” in that sleep , or the time which glided away while it lasted , i have no remembrance . d ’ artagnan . if the confession of charles stuart is at an end ? ” said the stranger . a	33.770606994628906
game of tennis , for example . ” at least . for ten years of being your husband , mercédès , and to lose that hope , which was the only stay of my existence ! ” fellow , bonacieux . ” finding a father , all the delight of a mistress seeing an adored lover , were felt by haydée during the first moments of this meeting , which she had so eagerly expected . politeness of manner that he heard cavalcanti pronounce these words : , he threw himself on his bed , where the turnkey found him in the evening visit , sitting with fixed gaze and contracted features , dumb and motionless as a statue . , but when he perceived aramis his hope	87.35591125488281
turned to joy . are we not ? ” she asked . monte cristo folding the five notes , “ most decidedly not ; the thing is so curious , i will make the experiment myself . master did not return and hearing the stroke of midnight , had made an examination of the orangery . s or the queen ’ s . hair , that the populace may not insult us . creatures that seemed to <unk> the village . at night , and dantès therefore delayed all investigation until the morning . and manner in which the command was given , betokened such growing hostility that the two young men perceived , for the first time , that the mandate was addressed to them . ?	76.51627349853516
” his ill-humor , the baron became more calm ; mademoiselle danglars had that morning requested an interview with her father , and had fixed on the gilded drawing-room as the spot . was seven years old , he came to the curate of palestrina , and asked to be taught to read ; it was somewhat difficult , for he could not quit his flock ; but the good curate went every day to say mass at a little hamlet too poor to pay a priest and which , having no other name , was called <unk> ; he told luigi that he might meet him on his return , and that then he would give him a lesson , warning him that it would be short	78.4000473022461
, and that he must profit as much as possible by it . said a voice at the end of the gallery . give him good advice as to the whole affair . about going , under pretext that he still suffered from his wound , but d ’ artagnan had said to him : chance of dantès being released . watch . on the field of battle ; but in the meantime we shall part good friends , i hope . ” ” said monte cristo , rising from the bench on which he had been sitting ; “ even , ” he added in an <unk> voice , “ even that the procureur be not dead . instance , i say to my friends , be	40.50043869018555
on a certain day , on a certain hour , at the other side of the moat with two horses . ” ” hung up at the corners of streets the evening before an execution , on which is <unk> up a paper containing the names of the condemned persons , their crimes , and mode of punishment . him into the capital . there , but she had left her new address . ” would be only a question of time , a sort of race , which should arrive first . would never live in it . ” talking about it when we left paris , ” said m. de saint-méran ; “ and where is it decided to transfer him ? ” ” said bertuccio	45.032501220703125
. ” said porthos . speculate ? ” the count , who felt his heart die away within him ; “ adieu , and think of me . ” winter entered . the only rest he needed was to see his child , but wished her good-night , for grief and fatigue had made her appear quite ill . and night soon pass away . suffer ? ” asked morrel quickly . it , ‘ he was not <unk> ’ so the master of monte cristo gives himself airs <unk> a great millionaire or a capricious beauty . grimaud , but la ramee looked on with the curiosity of a father who thinks that he may perhaps get a cheap idea concerning a new <unk> for his children	90.03932189941406
. my dear monsieur bonacieux ? ” tell planchet that his master was requested , the instant that he left the trenches , to come to the quarters of the musketeers . your charming wife , and present my best compliments to her ; and do you , morrel , accompany me to the champs-élysées . ” among the guards one man with a very good countenance ; and he favored this man the more as grimaud became the more and more odious to him . , buttoned up close , decorated with the legion of honor . ” particular message for me ? ” ? ” i incur on my own account can not stop you , think of those you may yourself run ! ” him	55.282447814941406
to find you here . ” and begging on the high road , a minister from <unk> took me in , instructed me in the <unk> faith , taught me all he knew himself and aided me in my researches after my family . ” he darted from the room , followed by the count . dear friend , ” replied the abbé ; “ it is clear you do not understand the nature of the courage with which i am endowed , and what use i intend making of my strength . , ” said eugénie , looking so earnestly at her father that it was an effort for the latter to endure her <unk> gaze . the rue de la harpe , no . the door	43.91963577270508
, so that you can go in and out as you please ; you will bring the priest with you , and will oblige me by introducing him into my child ’ s room . ” rough stones , among which , to give strength to the structure , <unk> of <unk> stone were at intervals <unk> . worse and worse ; yesterday her fever amounted to delirium ; today her delirium is almost madness . , and this man thin and lanky , rather tall than otherwise . ” common , and few days passed without some city or other registering in its <unk> an event of this kind . a face you have , porthos ! with monte cristo , “ my dear count , ”	95.60858917236328
said he , “ allow me to commence my services as _cicerone_ by showing you a specimen of a bachelor ’ s apartment . cry are as much impressed as if they listened to an entire poem , and when the sufferer is sincere they are right in regarding his outburst as sublime . ” continued the magistrate , “ our codes are in full force , with all their <unk> <unk> derived from <unk> customs , roman laws , and frank usages ; the knowledge of all which , you will agree , is not to be acquired without extended labor ; it needs tedious study to acquire this knowledge , and , when acquired , a strong power of brain to retain it . ” gaetano	128.8504638671875
with a smile . morrel , “ you dead ? ” 98 . ” said the young man . more ; have you any cause of complaint against me or monsieur d ’ herblay ? ” said his three friends . d ’ artagnan to athos , “ your king has thoroughly taken me , and i am quite at his service . ” that i know <unk> abduction from the little house at st. germain , his despair , that of his friends , and their useless inquiries up to this moment ? said mercédès , passing her hand across her brow , moist with perspiration ; “ and that letter—— ” alone ? ” ” wager which could not have been foreseen , and of which	33.69148254394531
i defy anyone to divine the true cause . he bowed to morcerf , who replied with the most impertinent look possible . he , ‘ are dogs who bark and bite at the same time , they are for the two first who shall have a longing for your diamond , friend caderousse . ’ he was already partially exposed to view , he stepped back and concealed himself completely , remaining perfectly motionless . . was at once cunning and resolute . saw a door with an iron wicket . by his persistence in accusation . . ” these plans were the same concerning which the count had dropped a few words in the grotto of monte cristo , and while the count was speaking the	86.80382537841797
young man watched him closely , hoping to read something of his purpose in his face , but his countenance was inscrutable especially when , as in the present case , it was veiled in a <unk> smile . believe him to be eternal , like god , although less patient . likes with the duke ; i care no more about him than an empty <unk> ” and athos threw fifteen paces from him an empty bottle from which he had poured the last drop into his glass . , my lord ; i merely await your commands . ” at each door , with an order to admit nobody upon any pretense but his _valet de chambre_ , patrick . , heard the successive noises which	94.18099975585938
accompany the life of a house , —the opening and shutting of doors , the ringing of madame de villefort ’ s bell , to summon the <unk> , mingled with the first shouts of the child , who rose full of the enjoyment of his age . minute , and they were obliged to support him on his horse . i believe so ; for until now , no man has found himself in a position similar to mine . had been lifted from his horse as stiff as a rush ; the poor lad ’ s strength was almost exhausted . expend considerable effort to identify , do copyright research on , transcribe and proofread works not protected by u.s. copyright law in creating the project	55.705833435058594
gutenberg™ collection . an episode of judith , and had just communicated my verses to the lady , who gave me all sorts of compliments , and leaning on my shoulder , was reading them a second time with me . speak to us ? ” asked morrel . in the attack , and rude in the defence . first knocking . be seized with a fit of catalepsy ; when it comes to its height i shall probably lie still and motionless as though dead , uttering neither sigh nor groan . ? dull noise of three balls which penetrated the flesh , a last cry , a convulsion of agony , proved to d ’ artagnan that the would-be assassin had saved his life . what	89.55014038085938
he had requested and set sail , but not without turning about several times , and each time making signs of a cordial farewell , to which edmond replied with his hand only , as if he could not move the rest of his body . ? ” ” said edmond , “ if you do not , i shall die of <unk> is all . ” had no secrets for me . intelligent creatures , united by the <unk> ties of maternal and filial love , had succeeded in <unk> understanding one another , and <unk> their stores , and albert had been able to tell his mother without <unk> a change of countenance : , been involved in a dispute with the bishop of noyon in	63.50373458862305
regard to the pierrefonds property , which adjoined his own , and weary at length of a legal controversy which was beyond his comprehension , he put an end to it by purchasing pierrefonds and added that name to his others . be at home and see me ? ” great hand of porthos with her delicate fingers , smiled , made the sign of the cross , and left the church . but brief , every one there being wrapped in profound sleep . too late , ” cried bertuccio , eagerly ; “ and if your excellency will intrust me with the commission , i will find you a better at enghien , at <unk> , or at <unk> . ” midnight , and i am	74.55536651611328
late . ” gunpowder . previous one—the old editions will be renamed . handkerchief to wrap them in , ” replied athos , drawing from his pocket the one he had steeped in the king ’ s blood . unwilling that it should be thought that he had influenced the wounded man , requested m. de la trémouille to interrogate him himself . yanina ? ” said he . it and held it , suspending himself by this rope , his head alone out of water . stopped at the house , a lady alighted in a black or dark blue dress , and always thickly veiled ; she passed like a shadow through the lodge , and ran upstairs without a sound escaping under the touch of	70.24046325683594
her light foot . purpose . <unk> , you know well what i mean . ” monseigneur , to learn your intentions relating to the existing state of affairs in england . ” said athos , “ what are your schemes ? she ; “ if you love me , grandpapa , try and bring that love to bear upon your actions at this present moment . not be realized , since mademoiselle danglars must become my lawful wife , live perpetually with me , sing to me , compose verses and music within ten paces of me , and that for my whole life , it frightens me . door madame danglars turned round , and looked upon her husband with an astonishment she took no trouble	78.06240844726562
to conceal . the prince , turning toward raoul , “ i know that you have a letter from my sister , madame de longueville ; but i see that you have preferred <unk> yourself to me by giving me good counsel . ” heard in the ante-room and without any announcement the marechal de la meilleraie appeared at the door . , say it—for you are condemned , and you shall die . ” only grumbled . , for your reply <unk> neither logic nor philosophy ; everything is relative , my dear young friend , from the king who stands in the way of his successor , to the employee who keeps his rival out of a place . , everyone seemed occupied , franz with	53.702022552490234
his <unk> , the sailors with their sails , the smugglers with their goat ; but in the midst of all this carelessness it was evident that they mutually observed each other . , see ! ” never weep , ” said milady . the head of the column , and leaving his friends under the guard of porthos , went straight to harrison , who recognized him as having met him at cromwell ’ s and received him as politely as a man of his breeding and disposition could . you would make a singular general . a hand rested on his shoulder , and a voice which made him shudder exclaimed : dare to go such lengths with such men as ourselves . <unk> , and	59.958763122558594
was purchased by a rich armenian . should i not receive a reply in the space of fifteen days , i shall presume my letter will have <unk> . , and i only regret that there does not exist another like her , about twenty years younger ; in that case , i assure you , there would very soon be a countess and <unk> of morcerf . ? ” exclaimed emmanuel , while two large tears rolled down julie ’ s cheeks , “ never behold you again ? ” replied aramis , a little amazed by the shower of arguments that poured upon his head . , he <unk> the appetizing odor of the kid that was roasting , and knew thus that he was passing	76.34345245361328
the <unk> ; they then led him on about fifty paces farther , evidently advancing towards that part of the shore where they would not allow gaetano to <unk> refusal he could now comprehend . pistols . , ” she said . we have said , perceived a hole in that place and in this hole the steps of a winding staircase . from this house ; afterward we shall see . ” my lord , to do so ? ” artagnan and porthos draw back . in verses of one syllable . quitted the wall , and advanced into the middle of the street . be patient . , monsieur d ’ artagnan , give him that name . ” porthos , recollecting himself , “ but	41.874961853027344
one uniform and one sword will not suffice for two . ” letter contain ? ” your majesty must perceive there is no time to lose ! ” , doctor , you shall not have to reproach me with weakness . and recognized cucumetto . ’ clock struck . all sympathy is extinct between us . ” , madame danglars , tired of waiting , returned home . . ” there ? and i repeat it , that to-night we rescue charles i . ” his hair , and curled his moustache , then , having satisfied himself as to his personal appearance , followed the count into the room , the latter having previously resumed his hat and gloves . ” said the brave captain , “	55.869510650634766
i hope you have been well amused during your excursion . ” door with the most commanding dignity . faith of <unk> ” the headsman of bethune , without mercy or pity , and he was the least guilty of you all . ” . ” she loved , who remained faithful to us in our fallen <unk> <unk> . ” of , inasmuch as he had seen and spoken with him ; but of clement vii . , madame . the doors strong , and the bars solid ; besides , your window opens immediately over the sea . the young man , quite astounded , “ i hope no false <unk> ” fowls , to <unk> the <unk> and to find his way home by day	69.91655731201172
or by night , that ’ s all . the table ; then opening it took out a little golden box , the top of which flew open when touched by a secret spring . fear , uttered a shriek on reading the first line , and seized the paper . honor as a gentleman it shall be as thou dost suggest . ” saint-méran remained on her knees , praying fervently , villefort sent for a cab , and went himself to fetch his wife and daughter from madame de morcerf ’ s . and government owes nothing to his family . who so <unk> <unk> his name , have you never made any effort to trace out whither he has gone , or what has become	70.39268493652344
of him ? ” . ” if he <unk> the words he uttered in the garden of this house on the night of madame de saint-méran ’ s death . <unk> at that period , d ’ artagnan was at liberty to assist whom he pleased . _ i know full well that you don ’ t turn your back to yours . ” to the end , and consent to be blindfolded . ” in the bargain , for whenever the coward sees the first glimpse of the shores of africa , he runs down below , and can only be induced to appear again when we are out of sight of that quarter of the globe . ” events have happened , alas ! here ,	42.044830322265625
” said d ’ artagnan . , who , with his head on his hands , was gazing at the heavens ; he did not hear them enter and remained in the same attitude till he felt a hand upon his shoulder . , ” said athos ; “ such a beautiful woman ! ” on all these points on the following day , d ’ artagnan , in spite of his fatigue , prepared for an attack and determined that it should take place after breakfast . the shore will be beneath your feet , the sea will be open to <unk> open than will perhaps be agreeable to you , for in four days england will be relieved of you . ” more reunited ? ”	40.806175231933594
said andrea . well as they could the disgust they felt in the presence of such coarseness and brutality . i wish to do away with that mysterious reputation that you have given me , my dear viscount ; it is tiresome to be always acting manfred . what m. de villefort promised you , ” said the gendarme , “ but i know we are taking you to the château d ’ if . ! ” at this last command all the sails were lowered , and the vessel moved almost imperceptibly onwards . the queen ! ” said d ’ artagnan . prudence . ” replied the count , “ your offer , far from surprising me , is precisely what i expected from you ,	49.231468200683594
and i accept it in the same spirit of hearty sincerity with which it is made ; —nay , i will go still further , and say that i had previously made up my mind to ask a great favor at your hands . ” mysterious under all this , athos ; this woman is one of the cardinal ’ s spies , i am sure of that . ” . ” italian nobility ; the cavalcanti are all descended from princes . ” thing to have such credit ; really , it is only in france these things are done . madame . said the prince , understanding the reason of that ignorance ; “ the man was caught in the act of assassination and robbery ;	56.71510696411133
he might have purchased his life by speaking ; he doesn ’ t wish to speak . will you do as much for me in paris as franz did for you in rome ? ” how little notion you can have of all it has cost me to effect a purpose so unexpectedly frustrated , that you talk of beginning over again . to be very well supplied just then , and gradually the man appeared less ugly , the bread less black , and the cheese more fresh , while those dreadful vulgar onions recalled to his mind certain <unk> and <unk> , which his cook prepared in a very superior manner whenever he said , “ monsieur <unk> , let me have a nice little <unk>	128.81993103027344
<unk> ” he got up and knocked on the door ; the bandit raised his head . a woman ’ s age by her face , it is useless to ask it ; when you can not do so , it is indiscreet . ” my caprices , my wants . eight of the light <unk> , who rode into the courtyard before they had time to close the gate . ” his head ; his brow slightly contracted like that of a man who has formed a resolution ; he fixed his eyes upon an enormous clock that was about to strike ten , and taking up a whistle of silver gilt that stood upon the table near him , he <unk> it twice . ” replied	41.257625579833984
milady . is to be rich . ” that . my poor sister had refused to comply with the unreasonable demands of benedetto , who was continually <unk> her for money , as long as he believed there was a sou left in her possession . : ‘ fifteen days , twenty days ? any one should dare to address him . , sir , ” said danglars ; “ i relate , and i will repeat before the count what i have said to you . ” said mazarin , “ if i place you in security , in a manner evident , <unk> ” get killed where we are told to go . do ? ” she said , bowed down beneath the voice of her	42.6663818359375
tyrant . them , though , ” said monte cristo . , found nothing to say ; he had come to no determination , and as nothing in the count ’ s manner manifested the wish that he should recognize him , he did not know whether to make any allusion to the past , or wait until he had more proof ; besides , although sure it was he who had been in the box the previous evening , he could not be equally positive that this was the man he had seen at the colosseum . of the seraskier kourchid suddenly appeared , and selim fell , pierced by five blows . of the incidents of the first journey , and he looked upon everybody he	62.82815170288086
met on the road as an enemy . , that would barely be possible ; but what can a woman do ? superior , felton obeyed ; but in going out , he put the knife into his bosom . than he is . ’ artagnan the elder chapter ii . of character quite french . ” to monsieur for the crown he has given me , and i promise him to follow his instructions exactly ; but it is not the less true that letters which come in this way into <unk> <unk> ” if he sleeps badly to-night he will sleep better to-morrow night . ” indicated , and reached the suburb situated at the opposite extremity of the city from that by which he and	70.24320983886719
his friends had entered it . that is indispensable . three friends ; “ ’ tis mordaunt ! ” then ? ” cried all the witnesses of this scene . and slow step , for he dreaded lest an accident similar to that he had so <unk> feigned should happen in reality . which proved that the conversation she had with the cardinal had fallen into outside ears ; but she could not suppose that he had dug a <unk> so promptly and so boldly . if i had been his son , and in 1814 he married . <unk> ; they had proposed his going with them to france , but he had <unk> declined . olivain . ” here , ” said d ’ artagnan ,	62.01264953613281
“ and i give you my word , that if a single man has the audacity , his life shall pay for it . ” at morcerf , when someone came and whispered a few words to him . milady ; and as if acted upon by a spring , she bounded toward the baron , who awaited her attack with his arms crossed , but nevertheless with one hand on the hilt of his sword . said athos , astonished . at my house , just after his introduction into the world , as they told me . ? ” joy , but delirium . ” said albert , coldly ; “ there are circumstances in which one can not , except through cowardice , —i offer	46.153778076171875
you that refuge , <unk> to admit certain persons at least . ” monte cristo . <unk> , will he not ? ” said caderousse . in his turn , without losing sight of the young man . accursed spot , a little behind the trampled ground , was the same track of small feet as in the garden ; the carriage had stopped here . not egotistical , we will return to our comrades and draw lots for her . ’ went as far as the tour de <unk> . the originator of the project gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone . bankers , ” said monte cristo in a freezing manner , which repelled impertinence ; and	49.8303337097168
he turned to the door , just as the valet de chambre announced : , perform , distribute or redistribute this electronic work , or any part of this electronic work , without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.e.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the project gutenberg™ license . monte cristo , “ since we mutually understand each <unk> such i presume is the case ? ” danglars bowed assentingly . . ” all that is most sacred to me in the world , namely , by my mother . ” advantage , he was master of the count ’ s secret , while the count had no hold on franz , who had nothing to conceal . for	39.29488754272461
myself a fortune independent of him , even if i acquired it by placing my interests in hands unknown to him. ” madame danglars blushed , in spite of all her efforts . by accompanying my son so far , since i now abandon him , and allow him to depart alone to the <unk> climate of africa ? , leaning out of his window , which looked upon the most populous part of the city , heard the act of parliament , which summoned the <unk> , charles i. , to the bar , publicly cried . you remember the little goat pasture of the luxembourg ? _ ” to specify my wishes , i should have too much . blows given and received , sufficed for	93.70410919189453
the first themes of conversation , which turned upon the silent struggles sustained against him who was now called the great cardinal . whose <unk> nature received and betrayed each fresh impression . . ” that they struck eight at half-past six . porthos , drawing himself up at athos ’ s compliment ; “ as there is a diamond , let us sell it . ” i ? ” cried felton . ” into the carriage . they placed a small table upon which stood a bottle of <unk> , her usual beverage , and a glass . delayed five days , which , under any other circumstances , might have appeared rather long to m. bonacieux ; but he had , in the visit he had	56.5247688293457
made to the cardinal and in the visits rochefort had made him , ample subjects for reflection , and as everybody knows , nothing makes time pass more quickly than reflection . the count , becoming each moment more absorbed in the anticipation of the dreadful sacrifice for the morrow , which mercédès had accepted , “ yet , it is impossible that so noble-minded a woman should thus through selfishness consent to my death when i am in the prime of life and strength ; it is impossible that she can carry to such a point maternal love , or rather delirium . speak french with a very pure accent , ” said danglars . that such is his intention , ” said morrel . his life	109.9637680053711
, danglars contemplated death with a mixture of dread and desire ; the time had come when the implacable spectre , which exists in the mind of every human creature , arrested his attention and called out with every pulsation of his heart , “ thou shalt die ! ” <unk> , carefully attended to , a spacious courtyard , in which neighed several horses held by valets in various liveries , and a carriage , drawn by two horses of the country . . , albert de morcerf visited the count of monte cristo at his house in the champs-élysées , which had already assumed that <unk> appearance which the count ’ s princely fortune enabled him to give even to his most temporary residences . down	85.42453002929688
the plan of campaign , ” said porthos . ” me herself . ” served together in spain , my father in the army and m. danglars in the commissariat department . the god i adore , were <unk> because i called upon that religion and that god , but still i resisted . the negative . , believing that he jested , but athos did not jest the least in the world . return to the world still more brilliant because of your former sorrows ; and if i am wrong , still let me cherish these hopes , for i have no future to look forward to . leave me so soon ? ” , that there is now but one way open . “ long	73.40936279296875
live the cardinal ” saluted his shadow ; but instantly <unk> and <unk> stifled them remorselessly . . ” <unk> they found themselves within about sixty paces of the bastion . other escort but you two ? ” ” said a voice , which athos recognized as that of aramis . artagnan there ? ” some well merited compliments on her toilet , and offered his arm to conduct her to a seat . do , gentlemen ; for i was among those who seized him in the garden at amiens , into which monsieur putange , the queen ’ s <unk> , introduced me . blown his brains out , ” replied monte cristo with great coolness . de winter passed his arm through that of felton	56.941158294677734
, and led him out , laughing . . she want to speak to me at all ? ” it with all possible attention , ” said dantès , “ and i only see a <unk> paper , on which are traces of <unk> characters inscribed with a peculiar kind of ink . ” all these names in his memory , again read and studied them , commenting meanwhile upon his <unk> , he shook his head . he promise us ? ” said d ’ artagnan . of that beloved voice seemed to have still its ancient influence , whilst that of aramis , which had become harsh and <unk> in his moments of ill-humor , irritated him . . fortify yourself , albert . ” ;	56.634681701660156
i have nothing more to ask of <unk> have seen you again , and have found you as noble and as great as formerly you were . on the morrow and the day after that , and each day milady gave him a more gracious reception . his legs , he would have rejoined us by this time , ” said athos . days since councillor <unk> remarked at the palace that rebels and agitators reminded him of <unk> <unk> <unk> from the <unk> round paris , young urchins who run off the moment the constable appears , only to return to their diversion the instant his back is turned . <unk> , who so generously distributed the englishman ’ s pistoles , which were our legitimate <unk>	109.62744903564453
do you mean to do ? ” , ” he said . here . ” court would do justice to my claims and give the head of my house the title of prince , and if my brother de <unk> were reinstated in his command i would return to my estates and leave the court and parliament to settle things between themselves as they might . ” . ” get over the surprise created in him by this minister , who thus <unk> , sported with men and millions . my friends , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ not only free , but in favor . ” face was illumined by a faint smile , as he noticed the portfolio which the receiver-general held in his	66.24796295166016
hand . is to learn where the enemy is and what he is doing . ” saw mme . ” your friend , god began not to strike , but to warn you . you for this , monsieur baptistin ; but let your profits end here . you have on your shoulders your beadle ’ s robe , and spend all your time reading your breviary . ” danglars , taking it from beyond his reach ; “ and as what i say and do is merely in jest , and i , amongst the first and foremost , should be sorry if anything happened to <unk> worthy <unk> here ! ” and taking the letter , he <unk> it up in his hands and threw it	88.58626556396484
into a corner of the arbor . to know ? ” asked cavalcanti . the last in the kingdom of france open to the english , and by closing it against england , our eternal enemy , the cardinal completed the work of <unk> of <unk> and the duc de guise . to see that you understand the value of these papers . ” perfect order ; each register had its number , each file of papers its place . men . ” ” again appeared ; all eyes were fixed on the door , and i , ” said beauchamp , “ shared the general expectation and anxiety . ; after cromwell , charles ii. , and then james ii. , and then some son-in-law or relation	59.01818084716797
, some prince of orange , a <unk> who becomes a king . among the musketeers and their allies , and they even began to deliberate whether they should not set fire to the hôtel to punish the insolence of m. de la trémouille ’ s domestics in daring to make a _sortie_ upon the king ’ s musketeers . not very . ” , <unk> it , i beg of you , that i may at last believe it ! much truth and so much grief in the face of the young man that he made him a sign to listen , and repeated in a low voice : “ it was scarcely nine o ’ clock when i heard a noise in the street , and	40.78394317626953
was wondering what it could be , when on coming to my door , i found that somebody was endeavoring to open it . st. jacques , under verdant arches . a street , he pointed to a small house , isolated , solitary , and dismal . , the count instinctively shrunk to the extreme end of the boat , and the owner was obliged to call out , in his sweetest tone of voice : run another risk , ” said the general , laughing , “ that of being <unk> ” we insert this joke to prove that the general was not in the least compelled to attend the meeting , but that he came willingly . at the door . replied d ’ artagnan	66.1539535522461
. cried aramis . the king , “ nothing . that i have a good reason , but that it is difficult to explain . ” , ” said athos . dantès , “ i can tell by your voice you are touched with pity ; tell me at least to hope . ” fifty francs i should be quite happy . ” everything ; a carriage below is waiting for your majesty . ” under ali pasha ? ” his bed to any one who wanted it , making it over about a dozen times ; and since he was supposed to have paid , like the others , a louis for his truss of straw , he pocketed in that way thirty louis in less than	46.810340881347656
half an hour . de villefort , ” said the king , “ come in . ” girl , ” replied morrel ; “ i come to bring and to hear bad tidings . ” a purse fell at my <unk> contained five-and-twenty louis ; i raised my head quickly , and saw mercédès , who at once shut the blind . ” doubtless have failed had they not been assisted by twenty soldiers of the regiment of italians in the king ’ s service , who are in garrison in this town so that your friends were overpowered by numbers . ” hurry to join you and took the road you had already gone by . would kill me to remain long near that dreadful man .	62.792213439941406
” ” resumed the englishman , “ are these men of yours dangerous ? ” us . that i had a mother , that five men leagued against one woman , murdered her <unk> by <unk> cowards . entered . , ” said he , “ one has no friends , only correspondents . ” and sound ? ” asked the host . sent from france by monsieur mazarin ; he will consider us as brothers . ” said she . , “ decidedly it is a night for meetings . without impertinence <unk> are you going ? ” ring , or rather to yours . nearly equal as to numbers , issued from behind the hill and came full gallop toward it . isaac , and isaac	69.46273040771484
was his son . ” , but will he love me less as his affection grows for her ? ” some other person ? ” d ’ artagnan , bending his mouth to athos ’ s ear , and lowering his voice , “ milady is marked with a _fleur-de-lis_ upon her shoulder ! ” faria , how well did you judge men and things ! ” , who had not much to do with the siege , were not under very strict orders and led a joyous life . the door of communication , passed into the corridor which led from his apartments to those of anne of austria . very gloomy , my friend . must again see the body of his unfortunate wife . courage	46.42936325073242
that prevented her putting this resolution into execution ; but her religious feelings came to her aid and saved her . bring him here at eight o ’ clock , sir , and may heaven bless you as i bless you ! ” to the king , your nephew . priest ! ” cried the executioner . low whistling sound , the sign of alarm well known to the lackeys in the days of their youth , resumed his place at the table and made a sign to blaisois to follow his example . frightful . ” morcerf , ” answered monte cristo . ” continued aramis , “ was my first opinion ; but as i am very ignorant in matters of this kind and as the	44.389686584472656
humility which i profess obliges me not to rest on my own judgment , but to ask the opinion of others , i have <unk> ! —my friend—— ” , sir ? ” asked monte cristo , advancing to meet the <unk> . of these six men , traveling in silence , each plunged in his own thoughts , sad as despair , gloomy as chastisement . come with me . ” <unk> over the duke . on the mother ’ s side . is extraordinary , ” said andrea . ’ s pardon for keeping you waiting , ” said the man , in the roman dialect , “ but i don ’ t think i ’ m many minutes after my time , ten o ’	45.450408935546875
clock has just struck by the clock of saint john lateran . ” , ” said planchet , “ you shall see if confidence can be placed in me . ” dungeon who can not walk . ” such authority over his companions that he was almost like a commander on board ; and as his orders were always clear , distinct , and easy of execution , his comrades obeyed him with <unk> and pleasure . , ” replied d ’ artagnan , with a bow that was not deficient in dignity , “ since you do me the honor to draw a sword with me while suffering from a wound which is very inconvenient . ” princess , at <unk> lady with her negro boy and	56.21369934082031
her maid ! ” i repeat , excuse me , but on that account only , <unk> guard ! ” thirty-nine and forty years of age , of medium height but a very well proportioned figure ; with an intellectual and animated physiognomy ; his beard black , and his hair turning gray , as often happens when people have found life either too gay or too sad , more especially when they happen to be of <unk> complexion . well , ” said the gascon , “ that you were a man of talent . father , ” said morrel with excitement , “ have a care , i again repeat , for the power you <unk> over me alarms me . question of the past ,	74.33067321777344
but of the present , ” said the queen ; “ you said you could give me <unk> is it ? ” the cardinal had mentioned these diamond studs to the king . very sensible , ” replied athos ; “ we must speculate upon the faults of people , and not upon their virtues . d ’ artagnan ; “ but we shall <unk> attract a ball . ” mixture of greek words . me my purse back and keep the sixty pistoles . ” . glass of sherry and another biscuit . ” and in bad humor . he , “ for athos this is too much ; for the comte de la fère it is too little . was in the past , as had	39.03278732299805
often been vaguely said to d ’ artagnan . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and i should not mind waiting in london a whole year for a chance of meeting this mordaunt in question . would become mine , count , ” replied morrel ; “ besides , as i had the honor to tell you , heroism or not , sacrifice or not , that day i owed an offering to bad fortune in recompense for the favors good fortune had on other days granted to us . ” i have seen him eat of everything in italy ; no doubt he does not feel inclined this evening . ” arrest . ” ! ” murmured athos , thinking of d ’ artagnan and	55.99518585205078
porthos . simple youth , who understood nothing but what he was expressly told , asked , therefore for the abbé d ’ herblay , and in spite of bazin ’ s assurances that his master was not at home , he persisted in such a manner as to put bazin into a passion . , “ you are right . then . , i warn you that that letter is for monsieur de tréville , and it must be found , or if it is not found , he will know how to find it . ” the prince , “ if you will serve me as guide . ” after time . ” cried buckingham , forgetting everything in thinking from whom that letter came .	35.0214958190918
than i . imprudent , or whether we were betrayed , i know not ; but one evening , about five o ’ clock , our little <unk> came breathlessly , to inform us that he had seen a detachment of custom-house officers advancing in our direction . . , you know , ” said grimaud . ” . ” to arrest that insolent fellow before he leaves the court . ” out without gloves , his hands appeared too white ; if he wished to walk through the town , his boots seemed too highly polished . unfortunate being ? ” asked renée . milady , “ dunce ! terror seized upon him , and he dared not again press the hand that hung out of bed	76.0850601196289
, he dared no longer to gaze on those fixed and vacant eyes , which he tried many times to close , but in <unk> opened again as soon as shut . perch for a <unk> , which regaled the passers-by through this egyptian scene with its <unk> , monotonous note . far mortal that , without the three drops i gave you , you would now be dead . go , ” said louis xviii. , “ and remember that i am waiting for you . ” bring our breakfast with him . ” . ” came . of which she might not have been believed capable . the particulars you wish for do not interfere with my scruples or my conscience . of it , madame	67.47635650634766
, ” said the cardinal , accompanying his words with a slight shrug of the shoulders ; “ alas , our own wars quite absorb the time and the mind of a poor , incapable , <unk> old minister like me . ” examined him attentively , and who no doubt practiced upon him all the <unk> studies he was accustomed to use , in vain endeavored to make him lower his eyes , notwithstanding the depth and <unk> of his gaze . , and set out at a good pace , while porthos was promising his adversary to perforate him with all the thrusts known in the fencing <unk> . porthos ; “ my air is excellent . ” you—what will you do ? ” by the	80.55255126953125
two friends was the little interest taken by the court of france in the terrible events which had occurred in england , which they thought should have arrested the attention of all europe . this as part of my income on account ? ” his daring progress , edmond ’ s foot slipped , and they saw him <unk> on the edge of a rock and disappear . said the count , returning his tablets to his pocket , “ make yourself perfectly easy ; the hand of your time-piece will not be more accurate in marking the time than myself . ” the steward . silken curtains , walls hung with velvet drapery , and the soft perfume of burning wood , the white smoke of which	78.67878723144531
<unk> itself in graceful <unk> around the room , the appearance of the whitewashed cell which greeted his eyes on awakening seemed like the <unk> of some disagreeable dream . had doubtless been fired at her . me to my bed ; but mousqueton <unk> , and brings in provisions . m. franz d ’ épinay , ” said the count ; “ is he not the son of general de quesnel , who was created baron d ’ épinay by charles x. ? ” three , and of those who last entered , was to cast an inquiring glance at each other . five o ’ clock in the evening . of a wretch you buried in the dungeons of the château d ’ if . successive	59.272457122802734
attacks , at intervals of some minutes , each one more serious than the former . asked de guiche . interior , of which they could not comprehend the sense . two days left ; that when once the order was signed by <unk> buckingham would sign it the more readily from its bearing a false name , and he could not , therefore , recognize the woman in <unk> this order was signed , we say , the baron would make her embark immediately , and she knew very well that women condemned to exile employ arms much less powerful in their seductions than the <unk> virtuous woman whose beauty is lighted by the sun of the world , whose style the voice of fashion <unk> ,	101.70612335205078
and whom a <unk> of aristocracy <unk> with <unk> <unk> . four minutes . , ’ said he ; ‘ today arrives the <unk> of the master , and my fate will be decided . send into our court , which monsieur de mazarin crosses on his way to the orangery , the two guards who attend him . ” us reckon upon accidents ! the law is frequently powerless to effect this ; all it can do is to avenge the wrong done . ” her gratitude ; but shall i likewise return worthy of your love ? ” , ” continued mme . files . chatillon as almost to touch him . ? ” asked the baroness . was almost livid , this man had a	78.66645050048828
remarkably handsome face ; his eyes were penetrating and sparkling ; his nose , quite straight , and projecting direct from the brow , was of the pure greek type , while his teeth , as white as pearls , were set off to admiration by the black moustache that encircled them . condition , and promised on his honor not to seek to discover the road they took . take a biscuit , as you are so <unk> . ” provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund . , then exclaimed : ? ” exclaimed de winter . to a distance to discover aramis . that d ’ artagnan had some trouble in keeping up with	67.8913345336914
him . found for the searching . athos , passing his arm under that of d ’ artagnan , “ we abandon to your pious care the body of that unfortunate woman . honor to me , ” returned monte cristo , “ to be thus , on the first day of my arrival in paris , brought in contact with a man whose merit equals his reputation , and to whom fortune has for once been <unk> , but has she not still on the plains of <unk> , or in the mountains of <unk> , a marshal ’ s staff to offer you ? ” knows without doubt ; but as for me , i accuse nobody . ” slight cloud of smoke was seen at	48.300785064697266
the stern of the vessel , which rose gracefully as it expanded in the air , and then franz heard a slight report . dying ! ” communicated with one another , did not inspire porthos favorably . to abide by all the terms of this agreement , you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession . of the wretched fate that overwhelmed dantès ; and , when napoleon returned to france , he , after the manner of mediocre minds , termed the coincidence , _a decree of <unk> . hear and those who have eyes see ; i can tell you nothing more at present . ” magnificent jewel ! ” cried the astonished woman .	56.15909957885742
, my lord . ” three , but it appears to me we are four . ” ill , hastened toward her and was beginning to open her dress ; but milady started up , pushing her away . ! ” with some previous engagement which shall have a semblance of probability , and communicate the fact to me by a line in writing . them . ” , for having by a trick unworthy of a gentleman provoked your anger ; and i , in exchange , pardon you the murder of my poor love and your cruel vengeance against me . d ’ artagnan , “ the park is like everything else and there are as many fish in your pond as rabbits in your <unk>	78.30193328857422
; you are a happy man , my friend since you have not only retained your love of the chase , but acquired that of fishing . ” going to athos is useless and absurd ; but still i owe this courtesy to my old friend , a man who had in him material for the most noble and generous of characters . ” his wife , emmanuel , and his daughter all that had occurred ; and a ray of hope , if not of tranquillity , returned to the family . , sir , ” exclaimed villefort , in vain endeavoring to escape the net in which he was taken . , ” said d ’ artagnan . of his three friends , d ’ artagnan	49.566471099853516
found them assembled in the same chamber . ” said beauchamp , “ what is life ? will die with you ; that is all i can say to you . ” valentine , looking <unk> at maximilian , “ no more inconsiderate <unk> more rash projects ; for you surely would not wish to compromise one who from this day regards herself as destined , honorably and happily , to bear your name ? ” one thing to determine him to resume his cassock , which hangs behind his uniform , ” said another musketeer . for a second invitation . place a seat for the young lady ; but she declined availing herself of it . s _coupé_ ; and , as the young man had	61.762699127197266
no reason to conceal where he was going , he called aloud , “ to the <unk> ” in his impatience he arrived before the beginning of the performance . , a vague fear seized me , and i tried to struggle against <unk> . , “ how came planchet here ? ” when he was left “ stiff as a rush ” in london . he , “ i want to show you the kind of passport which i have drawn up , and which will serve you henceforward as the rule of order in the life i consent to leave you . ” to fail in her promise to maximilian , she proposed to mademoiselle danglars that they should take a walk in the garden ,	61.90493392944336
being anxious to show that the delay , which was doubtless a cause of vexation to him , was not occasioned by any neglect on her part . find your father a very <unk> person , i assure you . ” rid of the dormice that eat his peaches he , “ mad , desperate , determined to get rid of an existence from which she had stolen everything , honor and happiness , my poor brother returned to lille , and learning the sentence which had condemned me in his place , surrendered himself , and hanged himself that same night from the iron bar of the loophole of his prison . pocket a small case of black shagreen , opened , and gave it to the	73.61870574951172
jeweller . it is that i came to know . ” either of these two friends proposed to you to let mazarin go ? ” he said , as he was about to mount and start on his dangerous mission , “ athos , for generosity , is a hero of romance ; porthos has an excellent disposition , but is easily influenced ; aramis has a <unk> countenance , always illegible . the back stairs , he desired them to wait . to disturb those who pray , madame , ” said felton , seriously ; “ do not disturb yourself on my account , i beseech you . ” , in which the most dangerous and desperate prisoners are confined , is called the court of	48.96318435668945
saint-bernard . fact , at daybreak , the court made preparations to quit saint germain . in the count of morcerf ’ s antechamber , a footman , the same who at rome had brought the count ’ s card to the two young men , and announced his visit , sprang into the vestibule , and when he arrived at the door the illustrious traveller found his carriage awaiting him . a <unk> , not even an hour before your departure ? ” hand to his sword , motioning to porthos to follow his example . i must confess , more skilful . ” , four men resolved to save her . <unk> ’ <unk> , and all the other signs which indicate the age of wine	50.465065002441406
more truly than do wrinkles on a man ’ s face . , exiled , proscribed , provided he still lives . those in which the count of monte cristo had interfered , caused a great sensation in paris . excite the malice of an enemy ? the door ; he got in , followed by two soldiers and the magistrate , and the vehicle drove off towards marseilles . , but at the door his heart almost failed him , and he felt inclined to return . their story out , ” replied mousqueton . cried , “ what a frightful dream ! ” saw the shattered vessel , and among the fragments the floating forms of the hapless sailors . , _the <unk> . have already	75.46157836914062
stated , was plunged into the body to the hilt , and as the surgeon , taking it by the end , drew it forth , the wounded man opened his eyes and fixed them on him in a manner truly frightful . up and down the study , glancing from time to time at his beautiful venetian mirror , <unk> in every direction . simple and single line of conduct , and for a man of your intelligence , this plan is as easy as it is necessary ; you must form honorable friendships , and by that means <unk> the prejudice which may attach to the obscurity of your former life . ” <unk> the general , and he rushed on his adversary . that order	68.7818832397461
, since at that time he was hardly four years old . ” and i have pledged my word to him . small rooms and a parlor . you alone ! on board , and he was so anxious to arrive at elba , that he would not touch at any other port , his disorder rose to such a height , that at the end of the third day , feeling he was dying , he called me to him . not strike me as painfully at the time as they have since done ; in fact , all that had happened ( with the exception of the story of the diamond , which certainly did wear an air of <unk> ) , appeared natural enough ,	49.4997444152832
and called for neither apprehension nor mistrust ; but , worn out as i was with fatigue , and fully <unk> to proceed onwards directly the tempest abated , i determined to obtain a few hours ’ sleep . said porthos , “ i understand ; but now—— ” to camp he should re-enter slavery ; nevertheless , he did return . warm to walk , ” resumed d ’ artagnan . the quarter in which aramis lived , he took it into his head to pay his friend a visit in order to explain the motives which had led him to send planchet with a request that he would come instantly to the mousetrap . increased greatly his esteem and friendship for monsieur de tréville . the	81.75407409667969
curate , for the sake of saying something . the hands of d ’ artagnan , approached the lamp , set fire to the paper , and did not let go till it was reduced to a <unk> . receipt . ” be too much ! ” cried mme . the king , “ we shall soon see whether my highlanders have betrayed me or not . ” amazement ; athos and aramis looked at one another and smiled ; they knew d ’ artagnan , and knew that he did nothing without a purpose . carriage arrived . ” exclaimed raoul , recognizing the young man as having seen him in the rue cocatrix , “ spare him ! say that i am tired of a shepherd	35.17100143432617
’ s life , ’ was vampa ’ s reply . ’ —this is what the other man said— ‘ let ’ s see decidedly what to do with him . ’ viscount , you will not be taken by force ; and seriously , do you wish to break off your engagement ? ” went on board the _pharaon_ , everybody could see that you held a letter in your hand ? ” the width of the table from her husband , burst into tears , and the young girls clung to their father ’ s arms . already discovered who mazarin was , followed in profound silence . ! ” cried one of them , in very good french , though with a foreign accent ,	58.92325210571289
“ that this madman will not allow these good people access to their own wine ! overhung by thick hedges ; the rock , half open , afforded a passage to the young man , who disappeared like the evil spirits in the fairy tales . the little door was opened and a man entered . person whom you suspect ? ” resolved to suffer no longer , but to have everything he wanted . ” said monte cristo , judging from the steward ’ s utter prostration that he could not stretch the cord further without danger of breaking it . has abandoned his representative on earth and left him to die thus <unk> ? ” stammered planchet , more dead than alive , “ ah ,	82.823974609375
monsieur , what an escape i have had ! ” with his usual gallantry . in the order in which they were to die , first peppino and then andrea . ” said franz , at the moment signor pastrini was about to open his mouth , “ that you knew luigi vampa when he was a <unk> is still a young man , then ? ” her senses we were before the seraskier . effect the opening of the cupboard , of which the lock was difficult , the person was pricked by this small point , and died next day . declared that he had only need of a little rest , and that when they returned he should be easier . , ” said monte	52.46693420410156
cristo , in a most solemn tone ; “ but instead of your son ’ s blood to stain the ground , mine will flow . ” him . ” was the moment to interfere . think this cousin pays her attentions ? ” franz and the count , descended the staircase , crossed the square chamber , where stood all the bandits , hat in hand . d ’ artagnan , putting his finger on his lips ; and he related what he had seen , watching athos all the while . now that the king will be saved as i am sure that i clasp the most loyal hand in the world . ” the gascon ; “ do not utter that name . ” ,	41.08510208129883
” said athos . host six . ” the guilty one ; and he , gentlemen , was my brother ! stopped before a low door and drew out a key ; but before he placed it in the lock he turned around to see if he was being followed . going from palestrina to tivoli , had mistaken his way ; the young man directed him ; but as at a distance of a quarter of a mile the road again divided into three ways , and on reaching these the traveller might again stray from his route , he begged luigi to be his guide . speak all languages . said aramis , “ but it is far from here to the enemy . ” urged	71.54400634765625
caderousse . him a last salute . , therefore , to get off their horses and take a boat ; and in that strange manner they approached the louvre . did , i thought . ” live . ” had remained silent as they marched along in company with their <unk> they could do with the less difficulty since each of them had occupation enough in answering his own thoughts . , ” continued athos , speaking half to himself , “ if i kill you , i shall have the air of a <unk> . ” say is , that my mother is not quick to give her confidence , but when she does she never changes . ” but above all against d ’ <unk> lost	50.77705001831055
in the distance of the future . my young friend , and i tremble lest grace prove not efficacious . ” lord winter . ” he said , with a calm brow and kindly glance , but in a voice still trembling with recent emotion , “ i swear that i no longer bear animosity to those who were once my friends . monsieur , ” replied monte cristo ; “ i do not thus betray my enjoyments to the vulgar . devoted to both these all-powerful masters , and that my earnest endeavors have no other aim than the service of the king , and also the <unk> of the most illustrious geniuses that france has ever produced . spanish war , at perpignan , where fernand	63.89227294921875
had left her ; she was attending to the education of her son . ” <unk> ” and he made some steps toward the door . said , “ there is one window of the convent lighted up . ” de guiche to his father and kept bragelonne near his own person ; but the two young men sought the privilege of passing the night together and it was accorded them . when i pass the threshold of this house . ” <unk> in the conciergerie . she , “ but i feel some emotion on seeing , for the first time , the man without whose intervention we should have been in tears and <unk> . ’ servants ? ” going to marry their daughter—— ” ;	44.3031120300293
and this i swear by the two beings most dear to me upon earth , —my father and mercédès . ” of all this ? ” said athos , in a low tone to d ’ artagnan , after explaining to him in french what the sailor had said in english . clock is too slow ? ” faith in your loyalty ! ” some cause of quarrel ? ” ” said the prince , “ it is a long time since you saw your father , remain here with him . say , dear d ’ artagnan , that it is the queen who has made choice of the convent for her ? ” group he began to breathe more freely ; but he could not help	38.45342254638672
observing that they turned round to look at him , and for the first time in his life d ’ artagnan , who had till that day entertained a very good opinion of himself , felt ridiculous . , will pass away like mountain torrents ; civil war , like a forest flame ; but we—we shall remain ; i have a presentiment that we shall . ” . ” at the convent of béthune with milady , her mortal enemy . a <unk> man than his highness , though not of such high birth : he forgot to ask me to breakfast . ” who guard these doors . athos , “ that only makes four ; and we are <unk> for one . him , and	87.2688980102539
began to curl his mustache and knit his eyebrows ; but the knee of mme . of grimaud . you ? ” reading of this document ; the count could only stare , and his gaze , fixed as if unconsciously on haydée , seemed one of fire and blood . cried anne of austria . some elevated place , whence a given signal may be seen in every part of paris . ” valet-de-chambre will call the guard , as he did yesterday and the day before . ” ” said villefort with a bow . hand . ” a wandering troop of partisans ; it was an entire army . it was once proposed . ” exclaimed the young man , pressing his guardian ’ s	60.887062072753906
hand ; “ and i can set out immediately ? ” ? ” him . only applies to the guilty , ” said tréville , who was determined to have the last word , “ and my musketeer is innocent . , not of “ charles , king , ” but of “ <unk> king . ” , you will see whether a cavalcanti is to be treated like a common person ! ” ? ” , my dear la ramee , ” said the duke , wiping away the sweat that stood on his brow , wide awake though he was ; “ after this i will think of nothing but eating and drinking . ” tyrant , for power <unk> tyranny , serve , love ,	50.64299392700195
respect royalty , that divine right , that celestial spark which makes this dust still powerful and holy , so that <unk> , nevertheless , of rank and <unk> as nothing in comparison with the cold corpse there extended . ” criminal law , and , consequently , you understand its full application . ” , ” said the man , dropping his cloak , and advancing to the light . , my lord , but it is a mistake on your part not to employ me . ” that grimaud had perceived the two men seated together . to you , take care . i do not find you the same person at all . ” that the coadjutor will put himself out for him ? ”	63.646034240722656
. with us this evening . ” days ago , ” said d ’ artagnan , and he <unk> with gascon wit and <unk> the magnificence of porthos in his chateau of pierrefonds ; nor did he neglect to launch a few arrows of wit at the excellent monsieur mouston . abbé d ’ herblay , ” replied he . are intending to propose to me ; but i can not accept it , <unk> son would not permit it . ” fellow , those are things that bear postponement and you must put it off , especially with so good an excuse to give on your <unk> ” long legs and his determined <unk> . said d ’ artagnan , entering by the door which the young	55.20886993408203
woman opened for him , “ allow me to tell you that you have a bad sort of a husband . ” muttered ; “ fatality ! ” in the morning a crowd was stationed at the iron gates , and an hour before the trial commenced the hall was full of the privileged . , ” said aramis . that , monsieur du vallon ? ” he added in a low tone to porthos . ” said the king , caressing it with his hand , “ yes , my arthur , thou art a fond and faithful creature . ” and being sent to spain to ascertain the feeling of his <unk> , found danglars there , got on very intimate terms with him , won	37.04631042480469
over the support of the royalists at the capital and in the provinces , received promises and made pledges on his own part , guided his regiment by paths known to himself alone through the mountain <unk> which were held by the royalists , and , in fact , rendered such services in this brief campaign that , after the taking of <unk> , he was made colonel , and received the title of count and the cross of an officer of the legion of honor . ” say , then , to husband the means you have , however large the sum may be ; but you ought also to endeavor to perfect yourself in the exercises becoming a gentleman . order to warn their masters when	96.83671569824219
anyone passes are not lackeys , they are sentinels . ” his brow , but obeyed ; however , he continued to take the left hand . aramis , ” replied the musketeer . spanish . citizens , headed by one man , had attacked a carriage which was escorted by a troop of the cardinal ’ s <unk> ; but a reinforcement having come up , the assailants had been put to flight and the leader had taken refuge in the hotel next to his lodgings ; the house was now being searched . . ” for it was the day of pentecost , and the crowd looked in wonder at these two cavaliers ; one as fresh as if he had come out of a <unk>	59.97998046875
, the other so covered with dust that he looked as if he had but just come off a field of battle . , without approving or <unk> . president , ” he said , in a clear voice , “ but i see you are going to adopt a course of questions through which i can not follow you . , the worst complaint of louis xiii. , who would sometimes take one of his courtiers to a window and say , “ monsieur <unk> , let us weary ourselves together . ” athos . ” scarcely recognize the tigress who , a minute before , prepared apparently for a fight . tell your grace , ” replied felton , “ that he very much regretted not	48.10826873779297
having that honor , but that he was prevented by the guard he is obliged to keep at the castle . ” i beseech you . to hold gloves , ” he said . will be away from this place ; your life , madame , will then no longer be under my care , and , ” added he , with a sigh , “ then you can do what you will with it . ” that this fish which i go and sell , and with the produce of which i buy the <unk> i <unk> , —i feel very keenly , fernand , that this is charity . ” going to say , ” added he , “ but no indication should be neglected in	40.176246643066406
this terrible situation . left no doubt whatever on the mind . dear count , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ his eminence didn ’ t actually insist on our attending him ; it is du vallon and i who have insisted , and even in a manner somewhat <unk> , perhaps , so great was our longing to see you . ” ” answered the soldier , in a strong provincial accent . said she to noirtier . porthos , that i continue to study theology for that purpose . ” then ? ” ” enfants to that of the ferronnerie , from the rue saint thomas-du-louvre to the pont neuf , from the rue richelieu to the porte saint honore , there were more than	39.62040328979492
ten thousand armed men ; those who were at the front hurled defiance at the impassive sentinels of the regiment of guards posted around the palais royal , the gates of which were closed behind them , a precaution which made their situation precarious . the fable , he could not sleep for thinking of his treasure . musketeers were in paris ; they had not exceeded their leave of absence , and that same evening they went to pay their customary visit to m. de tréville . sure of always retaining his situation , and wishes to provide for the future . time ; we shall return to them , unless mazarin <unk> them to the ground . ” was ready , but the president told him	64.2011489868164
it was impossible for him to use it , since it was useless to <unk> the master if the coachman knew through what streets he went . not with me ; he serves under monsieur dessessart . ” , and taking off his hat respectfully , said , “ madame , will you permit me to offer you my services ? the queen , “ a few years ago i had around me <unk> , treasures , armies ; and by the lifting of a finger all these were busied in my service . all yet , ” continued faria , “ for i did not think it wise to trust all my treasures in the same hiding-place . and what then ? ” furious ; it was	56.002262115478516
very evident that something desperate was passing in the old man ’ s mind , for a cry of anger and grief rose in his throat , and not being able to find vent in utterance , appeared almost to choke him , for his face and lips turned quite purple with the struggle . long to tell you , besides , you will hear it all directly and the least word dropped here might ruin all . a pile of newspapers , which he sent flying all over the office by <unk> them violently with his stick ; after which ebullition he <unk> , however , without walking several times to the door of the press-room , as if he had half a mind to enter .	100.22996520996094
am , ” said the young man , “ with a promising future and a little money . in that house . d ’ artagnan that his presentiments had not deceived him , and that a great misfortune had happened . on the morrow ; therefore albert had not an instant to lose in setting forth the programme of his hopes , expectations , and claims to notice . count ’ s companionship , perceived , or affected to perceive nothing of this <unk> . , and then suddenly checking himself , he was silent ; then he continued , “ your pardon , sire , ” he said , bowing , “ my zeal carried me away . not to reply to friends who ask news of	48.58150100708008
your health . ” all the servants had fled . if i have lied or spoken the truth . ” and left juxon with the assurance that he might again have recourse to him . presumed , on receiving his letter , milady in a delirium of joy had told her servant everything ; and by way of recompense for the manner in which she had this time executed the commission , she had given kitty a purse . you have been guilty of an unparalleled intrusion , and that what you call protection is more like an insult . ” corner without uttering a word . ; before that is expired some idea will occur to me . i implore you ! ” the pallor and anguish	82.9268798828125
expressed on his countenance momentarily increased . you please , my good woman , ” replied andrea . . the streets of grenelle , saint honore , and du coq , a double stream of people broke the feeble hedge of swiss guards and came like a whirlwind even to the very legs of porthos ’ s horse and that of d ’ artagnan . gendarme still there , but the young man now perceived a second yellow , blue , and white uniform at the foot of the staircase , the only one by which he could descend , while a third , on horseback , holding a musket in his fist , was posted as a sentinel at the great <unk> which alone afforded the means	55.67587661743164
of egress . exclaimed porthos ; “ there ’ s vulcan foundered . ” morning ? ” athos asked , uneasily . madame danglars , “ that is she . besides , every millionaire is as noble as a <unk> is , he can be . ” exclaimed monte cristo , starting back , “ it is—— ” had taken off his mask and imitation beard , then , mounting a staircase , had opened a door , and in a room lighted by a single lamp found himself face to face with a man seated behind a desk . gnashing his teeth and wringing his hands with fury . there came to him an albanian who said something to which i paid no attention , but which	63.72428894042969
he always answered in the same tone of voice , either ‘ kill , ’ or ‘ pardon . ’ ” much bewildered as the first had been by the simple and firm declaration of the musketeer , upon whom he was anxious to take the revenge which men of the robe like at all times to gain over men of the sword ; but the name of m. de tréville , and that of m. de la trémouille , commanded a little reflection . for it ? ” madame de villefort sent for him half an hour ago ; he went into her room , and has not been downstairs since . ” count of monte cristo ” said the young man . not to know .	42.88176727294922
first to arrive . villefort , approaching his future mother-in-law , “ i request your pardon for thus leaving you . once to the point . is over , we ’ ll carry her off from that convent . ” ? ” then ? porthos ; “ what ’ s the matter now ? must look after the anchoring , and dress the ship in mourning . ” made its last conscription , and every man in france capable of bearing arms rushed to obey the summons of the emperor . the first stage . ” any enemies ? ” porthos , looking complacently at his old lackey as he went away , “ you are right , d ’ artagnan ; mouston will do ; mouston has	60.746559143066406
a very fine appearance . ” monte cristo gravely , and gazing earnestly on the two liquid pearls that trickled down julie ’ s cheeks , “ had lord wilmore seen what i now see , he would become attached to life , for the tears you shed would reconcile him to mankind ; ” and he held out his hand to julie , who gave him hers , carried away by the look and accent of the count . , he did not entertain much dread of him ; and supposing he should be able to get so far , he determined to dispatch him in good style or at least , by <unk> him in the face , as cæsar recommended his soldiers do to those	73.59873962402344
of pompey , to damage forever the beauty of which he was so proud . ; but listen , and you will understand . chamber , for our life is not an idle one . ” enough to enable a friendship of twenty years to overcome an <unk> of a quarter of an hour . not such a fool as i fancied ! ” thought mazarin . in paris for about a fortnight , telling the world you are abandoned , and relating the details of this <unk> to your best friends , who will soon spread the report . ’ said she ; ‘ perhaps they bring us peace and liberty ! ’ convenient at paris , —when anything can not be done , you pay double	69.999755859375
, and it is done directly . ” andrea , “ who knows ? ” feel queer ! ” cried blaisois . , i presume , ” said monte cristo “ that you came to me as the bearer of a letter from the abbé busoni ? ” spend yearly ? ” asked the prefect . understand , ’ said the lieutenant ; ‘ and you seek admittance into our ranks ? ’ the queen as a young man who bends before a woman ; but now it was a different thing ; he answered her summons as an humble soldier obeys an illustrious general . ! ” cried she , “ my god ! as usual . was afraid to encounter him face to face . ”	44.365169525146484
to take him with him , as he would require an assistant priest in case the king should wish to communicate . ” with whom the people are displeased ; they ask for broussel and are only too happy , if you release him to them , to live under your government . ” ” he said to the patron , “ i was awkward , and it is just that i pay the penalty of my <unk> . it . ” who shall accompany you afterward be a man or a woman ? ” to be married ? ” we succeeded , and worked up to arles . brought her a handkerchief from her laundress . ” has arrived when you must answer me . and no	49.084754943847656
one saw them go out . lord , but at the very first hint you give of such a thing i will strangle you and become frondist . the movable plank on which the victim is laid , were eating their <unk> , while waiting for the criminal . sorry to tell you he is perfectly well . ” a minister of god . ” , in the rue des lombards . ” perfectly <unk> with the features and character of the man before us . appearance she expressed much astonishment at seeing planchet . of my horse , i paralyzed them ; and i was just going to drown myself with the best grace in the world , when you arrived just in time to pull me	57.64253234863281
out of the water ; therefore , sir , if you will agree , henceforward we are friends until death . ” out of the louvre , and consulted his friends upon the use he had best make of his share of the forty pistoles , athos advised him to order a good repast at the <unk> , porthos to engage a lackey , and aramis to provide himself with a suitable mistress . him to come out , monsieur , i should owe you the gratitude of my whole life ; i should adore you as my patron saint ! ” that is true . ” said mordaunt , “ and they will be far from thinking of you . avoid this dangerous enemy , and returned	53.630855560302734
as late as possible in the evening . ’ clock and i will tell you ; but do not breathe to a living soul , sir , the rendezvous which i give you . ” but what are you going to do until this evening ? for a moment ; with this red handkerchief on my head , with scarcely any shoes , no papers , and ten gold <unk> in my pocket , without reckoning what was there <unk> in all about two hundred francs , —why , i should certainly be arrested at the barriers . said . , ” muttered danglars , holding out his pocket-book , “ and let me live here ; i ask no more for <unk> only ask to live !	50.97993087768555
” him ? ” , but he loved his wife . cromwell , arresting him for a moment as he arose ; “ is there nothing more you wish ? all , ” continued danglars ; “ he has opened an account with my house for his son . ” . break our bonds . did not even argue with d ’ artagnan ; she gave it to him at once . to and fro , and pressed his burning forehead against the fence . and found d ’ artagnan already on horseback , and growing impatient . . ” ” said the prince ; “ let us lose no time . ” the truth , my gentlemen , ” said he , addressing the musketeers , “	28.44083595275879
and it will not be my fault if our encounter this evening be not advantageous to you . now . ” become of your mother ? ” . more on the subject ; you tell me so , i believe you . i mean men of courage . do it ! ? ” pass not ten minutes before ; and assured that he was at the catalans , they sat down under the <unk> foliage of the <unk> and sycamores , in the branches of which the birds were singing their welcome to one of the first days of spring . the comte de guiche had returned to paris and he was quite lonely . christian ? ” he said , falling on his knees . ? ”	38.246917724609375
said mercédès . is not his own idea ; it is the <unk> ’ s , which deputed <unk> to devise a uniform for the <unk> . ” considered that things are never well done when they are not reserved to their proper time . ” they all asked together in a low tone . d ’ artagnan , “ not in the least . ” ” shouted athos , with all the power of his lungs . i have reached the goal , and i will go no farther . . to see first ? ” asked the abbé . . ” ; morcerf alone knew not why such profound attention was given to an orator who was not always listened to with so much <unk> .	49.643001556396484
about his wife in paris ; another ten minutes about his daughter travelling with mademoiselle d ’ armilly ; the same period was given to his creditors , and the manner in which he intended spending their money ; and then , having no subject left for contemplation , he shut his eyes , and fell asleep . was desired , and returning five minutes after , he said : dishonor , sir , nobody is rich ; and henry iv. , of glorious memory , who was the king of the gascons , as his majesty philip iv . mercédès might one day be his . at half-past nine . ” what you told me ? ” asked valentine . ” he said . la ramee .	59.169921875
to see this wretch , leaving a long track of blood on the ground he passed over , pale with approaching death , trying to drag himself along without being seen to the body of his accomplice , which lay twenty paces from him . thinking them merely a few pieces of little value ; but the light of the torch revealed their true worth . château-renaud , whose nobility goes back to the twelve peers , and whose ancestors had a place at the round table ; m. lucien debray , private secretary to the minister of the interior ; m. beauchamp , an editor of a paper , and the terror of the french government , but of whom , in spite of his national celebrity	85.89002990722656
, you perhaps have not heard in italy , since his paper is prohibited there ; and m. maximilian morrel , captain of spahis . ” she , with her finest <unk> voice , and rapping at the window . shall not only go alone to the duke of bracciano ’ s , but also return to florence alone . ” he just touched the dishes ; he seemed to fulfil the duties of a host by sitting down with his guests , and awaited their departure to be served with some strange or more delicate food . . ” your mistress ? knelt in united prayer were the daughter and <unk> of henry iv. , the wife and daughter of charles i . , “ be still	67.95442199707031
, edward ! ” she then added , “ this young madcap is , however , very nearly right , and merely <unk> what he has heard me say with pain a hundred times ; for mademoiselle de villefort is , in spite of all we can do to rouse her , of a melancholy disposition and taciturn habit , which frequently injure the effect of her beauty . out , her bonnet was placed beside her on a chair , and her gloves were on her hands . ’ artagnan , ” he said . lobby when this note is delivered to you . ’ the morrow was to be that of the positions taken in the evening . , the simple puritan fancied he recognized the	67.75029754638672
step and voice of milady coming to throw herself into his arms , to accuse herself , and die with him . . to a thousand crowns ? ” ’ s letter twenty times in the course of the day . already upon the scent , ” resumed d ’ artagnan . dear d ’ artagnan , has been a warning to me from heaven . ” very bottom of the heart , and , like the first , there was no mistaking it . day or by night , fight , but retreat , without shame ; if you cross a bridge , feel every plank of it with your foot , lest one should give way beneath you ; if you pass before a house which	54.3555793762207
is being built , look up , for fear a stone should fall upon your head ; if you stay out late , be always followed by your lackey , and let your lackey be <unk> , by the by , you can be sure of your lackey . drew towards the door ; he saw a cloud rising in the horizon , which appeared to <unk> a coming storm . man ’ s passion . will that be all ? , seized his pen , and wrote a few words . master stroke , too , i assure you . france with millions , had been unable to find the grave of his father , who had perished from hunger . m. noirtier ’ s grandchild as	56.76616287231445
valentine , and yet , if she had not been going to marry m. franz , m. noirtier would have left her all his money ; and supposing valentine to be disinherited by her grandfather , she will still be three times richer than he . ” moment and then went to the wardrobe in which hung his old clothes . a man of a certain age . ” sprang forward . aramis . that i killed . ” the abbess , looking at milady with increasing interest , “ i behold another poor victim ? ” ” murmured d ’ artagnan . you , perhaps she will try to kill you . can go and come and fight for the cause of the people . planchet ,	43.1694221496582
“ you must know ; but , perhaps you ought not to <unk> ” half a dead body tied to you as a drag to all your movements . it ! ” not i who ever encouraged you in that hope , fernand , ” replied mercédès ; “ you can not reproach me with the slightest <unk> . i will not appear to <unk> with rebels . ” was taken , according to your orders , to the baron danglars , rue de la chaussée d ’ antin , no . seriously , eugénie ! ” gentle descent , enlarging as they proceeded ; still franz and the count were compelled to advance in a stooping posture , and were scarcely able to proceed abreast of one	68.83368682861328
another . time , as we have done this , only with a better chance of success , because we shall be able to command every requisite assistance . ” madame danglars ; “ yet i think this will all pass off , and that you will one day see her enter your study . ” soup , and you will dine with me . ” should persuade the marquis to give me my capital , which is not likely , but still is possible , we would place these two or three millions in your hands , whose talent might make it realize ten per cent . ” some signals only addressed to you . ” of this felucca , mordaunt , dexterous in his eagerness for	67.06502532958984
vengeance , seized a rope and climbed up the side of the vessel with a coolness and agility very rare among <unk> . the commissary of police , who was waiting for him . sent an electric shock through the young man on the other side of the iron gate , to whom valentine ’ s _ “ i am coming ” _ was the customary signal of farewell . he whom d ’ artagnan thus provoked , “ it appears to me that this place is badly chosen , and that we should be better behind the abbey st. germain or in the <unk> . ” , and appeared to doubt the thickness of the partition between them and the office of m. de tréville ; but	56.53458023071289
a fresh allusion soon brought back the conversation to his eminence , and then the laughter recovered its <unk> and the light was not withheld from any of his actions . the spot ; she made a violent effort to reply to this last attack , but she fell upon a chair thinking of villefort , of the dinner scene , of the strange series of misfortunes which had taken place in her house during the last few days , and changed the usual calm of her establishment to a scene of scandalous debate . do you know who this great lady is ? ” one hand , and with the other groped about for a piece of paper ( my <unk> being empty ) , with which	77.75833129882812
i proposed to get a light from the small flame still playing on the embers . dazzled . to assure aramis that he could descend easily , when an idea came into his head which silenced him . became serious when he had cast his eyes upon the paper . madame bonacieux , ” said the <unk> . expect to be happy ? ” we consent to that . , and became too intoxicated to fetch any more drink , and yet not so intoxicated as to forget what had happened . . judge of the effect she had produced . , ” asked he , “ a letter <unk> you to me ? ” de villefort ! ! ” said d ’ artagnan , embarrassed ; “	51.13289260864258
you promised me— ” ; is it too long ? ” a look of ineffable tenderness , while barrois , who had remained in the room in the character of a man privileged to know everything that passed , smiled on the youthful couple as he wiped the perspiration from his bald forehead . look which made villefort ’ s blood run cold . <unk> ! ” under cover of the <unk> <unk> , striking her breast so vigorously that everybody , even the lady with the red cushion , turned round toward her . . complained to the governor , who replied that i only had what i deserved , and that it would teach me to insult honorable gentlemen who took up their abode in my	98.5318374633789
house . ” said raoul , coloring up , “ i did not wish to interrupt your highness in a conversation so important as that in which you were engaged with the count . , ” said d ’ artagnan . the island , his presentation to a smuggler chief , a subterranean palace full of splendor , an excellent supper , and a spoonful of hashish . ? ” asked the young girl . , then , who expects you ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . i go , will you go too ? ” the man was at least two hundred paces in advance of him , and there was not a chance of overtaking him . before everything else , and at all risks	34.01288986206055
, that i should cause all traces of the past to <unk> i should destroy every material vestige ; too much reality would always remain in my recollection . corsican bandits doing here with spanish smugglers ? ” ; for they well knew what those propositions were , to whom they had been made and who had made them . , i could not give him the particulars without naming our friends ; to name them would be to commit them to ruin , so i merely said they were fifty and we were two . everything savors of nobility , ” replied d ’ artagnan . rochefort ; but that is not all . arm , that was all . hearing this song , which made him	101.64876556396484
lose sight of andrea in the recollection of benedetto , madame danglars was boasting to monte cristo of her husband ’ s strength of mind , who that very morning had lost three or four hundred thousand francs by a failure at milan . they were by a last reflection of love , were not the less sad . signora , ” said albert , “ i am listening with the most intense delight and interest to all you say . ” count , ” said madame danglars ; “ and tell me , did you ever see at the court of ali tepelini , whom you so gloriously and valiantly served , a more exquisite beauty or richer costume ? ” d ’ artagnan . but the	50.87180709838867
friends of aramis were not at all convinced by his <unk> , and one of them addressed the young musketeer with affected seriousness . the height of joy ; he had realized the plan he had imagined beforehand , whose <unk> had produced the smiles we noted upon his face . they had leave to do , with the servants and peasants . his feet , asked his pardon and held him back with a sweet violence . said d ’ artagnan , whom the positive tone of m. de tréville began to disquiet , “ the devil ! a little ? , gentlemen , that you will not attack me otherwise than one after the other . ” the porter , “ he would not take them	53.62401580810547
. ” your sisters . s clerks and the subordinates had a great deal to put up with from his ill-humor . any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions . as i did not consider my house safe enough , or lawyers sufficiently discreet , and as landed property carries evidence with it , and moreover since you have no right to possess anything independent of your husband , i have kept this sum , now your whole fortune , in a chest concealed under that closet , and for greater security i myself concealed it there . the instant he saw the duke ’ s finger press the trigger and the ball passed without touching him . flash of lightning , that seemed	106.55071258544922
to <unk> the remotest heights of heaven , illumined the darkness . took these weapons for foils , and believed them to be buttoned ; but he soon perceived by certain scratches that every weapon was pointed and sharpened , and that at each of these scratches not only the spectators , but even the actors themselves , laughed like so many madmen . any too clearly ; but then we know that understanding was not his strong point . above all the galloping and neighing of the horses winter ’ s voice crying out : sound , m. morrel , take my word for it ; and i advise you not to take 25,000 francs for the profits of the voyage . ” made on his own	124.36309814453125
plan , and one day , visiting anne of austria in this chair , she asked him , charmed as she was with his wit , if he did not wish for a title . and seemed to surround the palais royal entirely . instinct , —and although you pretend to know nothing about speculations , i think on the contrary , that your comprehension is very clear upon certain affairs , —well , you told me that your instinct led you to believe the grant would be given to the company called the southern . . ” resumed porthos . turned pale . <unk> to see the woman one loves long for those thousands of nothings which constitute a woman ’ s happiness , and be unable	93.9616928100586
to give her those thousands of nothings . our four travelers found the town in a great <unk> , owing to the reported approach of harrison and the king . the stalk of a flower , unable to reply and thoroughly uncomfortable ; for when turned from the eyes of athos he encountered those of aramis . nor killed , nor murdered . ” of the postscript , apparently with great anxiety . man . faces are colored by blood , his face seemed dyed by hatred and became livid . , <unk> , that he might not see himself grow old ; dantès , for fear of recalling the almost extinct past which now only floated in his memory like a distant light wandering in the night	113.95988464355469
. the little staircase , instead of passing through the ante-chamber where d ’ artagnan was waiting . s letter . expressed that wish , ” said bertuccio , “ and the horses are ready . ” asked a deep , solemn voice , which caused danglars ’ hair to stand on end . ” the stranger followed him . vallon de bracieux de pierrefonds , and resided on his new estate . again flashed , but that was all ; he merely repeated his phrase , “ i will go , ” —and he went . remember , ” said the patron , “ i told you that among the crew there were two corsican brigands ? ” i wouldn ’ t serve any other ? work	48.524940490722656
, so he takes his own way of employing himself . ” rapidly as an hour . because cardinal rospigliosi , who had not taken any precaution , was completely despoiled . your account , that if by mischance a musketeer is arrested , france is in danger . my dear fellow , let us speak of you . bazin , yawning portentously , “ the ladder is still at the window . ” one of us , ” said porthos . the corpse ? ” night , when you were <unk> on that bed in the red damask room , while i , scarcely less agitated than you , awaited your delivery . difficult , as there was no board to support him . never to speak	65.46977996826172
a word of french , which he however wrote with great facility . ” cried , “ to those who confined me in that wretched prison ; and woe to those who forgot that i was there ! ” these arrangements , he does not come himself , ” said château-renaud . died away when signor pastrini himself entered . ” continued to converse for some time in low voices , in order that the young princess should not overhear them ; but the precaution was needless : she was in deep converse with her own thoughts . can have uttered the cry , ” said the king , “ but the noise is easily understood . the general , on whom they thought to have relied as	64.6427001953125
on a brother , manifested evidently signs of discontent and repugnance . but forgot to take the precaution to have a change of linen ready after the performance , ” said the coadjutor , “ so he took cold and is about to die . ” for m. laporte in order to be reconducted to the louvre , should be running about the streets of paris at half past eleven at night , at the risk of being abducted a second time ? . ” . is the count of monte cristo . ” ” albert said . andrea . clothes of the marquis d ’ o—— , he had left the hotel , stumbling over the bodies of an officer and two guards who had been killed	53.26597213745117
whilst defending the street door . , so much the better . ” devil take them , they can ’ t eat us . ” , which , enclosed between two <unk> , and <unk> by the <unk> <unk> of the <unk> , seemed , but for the difficulties of its descent , that path to <unk> of which virgil speaks . i want something to eat ! that no doubt now remained in the young girl ’ s mind as to the reality of the scene ; her eyes started with terror , her hands trembled , and she rapidly drew the bedclothes closer to her . ” manner and withdrew , as was his custom on the entrance of his superior . my cause , and	59.77278137207031
it is ill-luck , obstinacy , and folly which have caused it to be decided against me . ” for you , valentine ? ” , which belonged to the queen . ” remember that kiss ! —it was the last he ever gave me , and i feel as if it were still warm on my forehead . <unk> and curiosity . he no longer possessed the confidence of his friend , or that athos was bound by some invisible chain , or that he had been forewarned of the lieutenant ’ s visit . , you must have seen some of his musketeers ? ” . ” , ” said the countess , “ at least , as far as i could judge in the few	41.746238708496094
minutes he remained here . ” the stranger , “ one day you will receive a letter signed ‘ sinbad the <unk> ’ do exactly what the letter bids you , however strange it may appear . ” , women are singular creatures . a moment , and then said , “ from which it would appear , sir , that this credit inspires you with considerable apprehension ? ” perfect indiscretion of his friend would duly inform him of all that happened ; and as , during three years that he had travelled all over italy , a similar piece of good fortune had never fallen to his share , franz was by no means sorry to learn how to act on such an occasion . that	101.58979034423828
your correspondent has deceived you ? a consolation to know that some who have so often risked their lives for us are safe . . , and to retire either into lorraine or belgium . cried several bandits from <unk> , pampinara , and <unk> , who had recognized luigi vampa . , you are <unk> is fatality ! ” for uneasiness ; monte cristo had promised him that valentine should live , and so far he had always fulfilled his word . read any breviary . bertuccio ; thy death for my brother ’ s ; thy treasure for his widow ; thou seest that my vengeance is more complete than i had hoped . ’ appearance of being cowardly enough to lift your hand against a	83.25001525878906
woman . ” to watch the effect of the shot , fell back hopeless , wringing his hands . you need money for your expedition , sell them fearlessly , my lord . spoke was the one in which was fixed the loophole by which light was admitted to the chamber . violent character of <unk> danger which the poor girl incurred in giving this billet to her mistress , she ran back to the place royale as fast as her legs could carry her . ” ones . de quesnel , baron d ’ épinay ? ” asked he , although he knew it perfectly . to mazarin ; he fell into meditation . the commission and returned it to d ’ artagnan , to the great	54.862098693847656
astonishment of the young man . ” said du tremblay . reach a shady spot , ” said andrea . no property , ” interposed aramis . hiding-place , where he had remained quite unperceived , so great had been the general confusion . never believe cardinals who are not priests . ” ? ” whose name had never once been uttered by athos , gave d ’ artagnan uneasiness . , be tempted to believe , ” said the abbess , “ that this young person is innocent ? ” said madame de villefort , “ i must bid you farewell . ; she makes the young look ever forward , not behind . ” said athos . himself called by albert , who made the lofty	47.401824951171875
building <unk> with the sound of his friend ’ s name . . ” read , ” exclaimed the queen , <unk> ; “ read , i command you , for i am resolved that everything shall be finished to-night and never will i recur to this subject again . or vision , he had this time sufficient self-command not to enter . darkness with sailors whom he did not know , and who had no reason to be devoted to him ; who knew that he had several thousand francs in his belt , and who had often examined his weapons , —which were very beautiful , —if not with envy , at least with curiosity . morrel . ended . execution was , in the eyes	73.593017578125
of the people , only the commencement of the carnival . there till my daughter be married . ” you that everything separates us—the depths of the sea , the enmity of kingdoms , the <unk> of vows . the doorway , not daring to approach nearer , were looking at noirtier ’ s old servant , who had heard the noise from his master ’ s room , and run there also , remaining behind the others . to you , then ? with clenched hands , his mouth in a spasm of agony , and his hair on end in the sweat of death . , ” answered the queen . ’ door , open by day but generally closed at night . ? ” and	54.2901496887207
perhaps we will beg him . horses to mine . than once related to his friends his adventure with the stranger , as well as the apparition of the beautiful foreigner , to whom this man had confided some important <unk> . god sends him back again. ’ caderousse sank pale and breathless into his chair . laporte , to make the king more courteous to monsieur le cardinal , to whom both he and i are under such important obligations . ” our guard ; let us take arms , let planchet post himself behind us with his carbine . ” go , another to return , four days of quarantine , and forty-eight hours to stay there ; that makes three weeks . sad one ,	104.89749908447266
sir , ” said caderousse , shaking his head ; “ perhaps you know all the earlier part of it ? ” of poor bazin had always been to serve a churchman ; and he awaited with impatience the moment , always in the future , when aramis would throw aside the uniform and assume the cassock . carriage , which had turned round toward the way it came , jumped upon the step , and the carriage drove off . attack the wedge . in this pocket , ” and he pointed to the pocket which contained the letter . ; repeat what i have told you . then , turning to the governor , observed , “ he will become <unk> is already more gentle ;	53.23198699951172
he is afraid , and retreated before the <unk> are not afraid of anything ; i made some curious observations on this at <unk> ” then , turning to the prisoner , “ what is it you want ? ” said he . terrible laugh , threw his torch into the sea and plunged in after it . quarrel about ? ” ! perfectly composed , ” said albert . valentine with a convulsive movement , “ oh , indeed , maximilian , you are too timid for an officer , for a soldier who , they say , never knows fear . ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ for they are advancing very resolutely . desire to study this living <unk> more closely , and to	54.846717834472656
endeavor to understand the secret part played by these <unk> when they occupy themselves simply with pulling different pieces of string . ” us <unk> your eminence . cry , that terrible cry which had been first heard . ’ s smile . . flamarens , lowering his eyes . , ” said athos , “ let them follow us . ” want faithful servants . easy . the group , the meaning of which he could not comprehend . impossible , monsieur , ” continued he , addressing faria . lived for three months on sixty francs , ” muttered edmond . poor catalan <unk> , without education or resources , make a fortune ? at seeing him . with a pistol and sword raised his head	57.730445861816406
, but it was too late . what circumstances ? ” i have just taken , and which i will keep , madame , dare you ask for mercy for that wretch ! ” ? ” asked monte cristo . ” said one , “ the madman has gone to look after his treasure . excellent one to the citizens , who , seeing the conveyance without escort and unarmed , would never have believed in the possibility of so great an imprudence . poor fellow , madame , ” he said , as he preceded the baroness , “ but his orders are precise , and m. de villefort begged me to tell you that he could not act otherwise . ” at once broke upon the	42.5257453918457
mind of the host as he was giving himself to the devil upon finding nothing . ” murmured cromwell ; “ the french fight well ; and if my glass was good and i mistake not , they were foremost in the fight . ” my duties will afford me a little liberty , and i will take advantage of it to come and put things in order here , as they must necessarily be much <unk> . ” down the declivity of the faubourg , but on arriving at the bottom were surprised to find that the streets of paris had become rivers , and the open places <unk> ; after the great rains which fell in january the seine had overflowed its banks and the river	85.88499450683594
inundated half the capital . that the children , women , and old men whom they allowed to die were their sons , their wives , and their fathers , and that it would be more just for everyone to be reduced to the common misery , in order that equal conditions should give birth to unanimous resolutions . said d ’ artagnan , “ this is something like ; this is a means of communication . said monte cristo . now disturbed the heavy atmosphere . the count . , but he <unk> its presence . with a gloomy expression , then , suddenly , taking it up with a nervous motion , he swallowed its contents at one draught . said raoul , suddenly , “	58.0528450012207
you recall something , which , in my haste to relate my exploits , i had forgotten ; it is that there was with her majesty the queen of england , a gentleman who , when i pronounced your name , uttered a cry of surprise and joy ; he said he was a friend of yours , asked your address , and is coming to see you . ” it still no attractions for you ? ! ’ ” in two hours , in four , in six hours at latest , planchet will be here . ? cost you ? ” no , ” said grimaud . comminges , ” he continued ; “ get out of the carriage if you can and make another draw	48.767295837402344
up ; be quick , or in five minutes the mob will be on us again with swords and muskets and you will be killed . at our destination , ” observed the prudent d ’ artagnan ; “ beware of misadventure . ” had noticed from the first for the same reason they had themselves been remarked by others , was walking in a <unk> way up and down the jetty . at the bare idea . artagnan , my beloved d ’ artagnan ! ’ tis true , wore a splendid ring , set with diamonds , given him by his royal mistress , whilst i—i have nothing but a simple <unk> of gold , with a cipher on it and a date ; but that	70.5987777709961
ring has been blessed in the chapel of the palais royal , * so they will never ruin me , as they long to do , and whilst they shout , ‘ down with mazarin ! ’ i , unknown , and unperceived by them , <unk> them to cry out , ‘ long live the duke de beaufort ’ one day ; another , ‘ long live the prince de <unk> ; ’ and again , ‘ long live the parliament ! ’ ” and at this word the smile on the cardinal ’ s lips assumed an expression of hatred , of which his mild countenance seemed incapable . sir ; and , above all , mademoiselle danglars ! ” , ” said the young man	73.3305435180664
, “ as selfish children recollect their parents when they want their aid . which franz saw the shepherd going along a narrow path that led over the irregular and broken surface of the campagna ; and finally he disappeared in the midst of the tall red <unk> , which seemed like the <unk> mane of an enormous lion . commands ; i only ask you to examine my position as if it were your own , and then judge for yourself . ” sooner with her mother . carriage , followed him about a hundred paces behind . of my shirts , and as many handkerchiefs as i was master of , to complete the precious pages . there ? ’ cried caderousse , rising , and	74.17060089111328
drawing up in a heap the gold and notes scattered over the table , and which he covered with his two hands . so good as to mount the shoulders of two of our men , they will carry you ashore ? ” the young man answered this invitation with a gesture of indifference , and stepped out of the boat ; the sea immediately rose to his waist . doubt , _parbleu_ , if we write to lord de winter about affairs of vast importance , of the horrors of the cardinal— ” of a quarrel when i am expected at any place and when such a quarrel might possibly prevent my reaching it . are you going to do with it ? ” asked athos .	55.14772415161133
not leave this place , ’ said he . ham , d ’ artagnan ; it is exquisite , ” said athos , cutting a slice , which he placed on the young man ’ s plate . he added , with one of those singular smiles which did not escape the young man , “ when i have completed my affairs in paris , i shall go and die in the east ; and should you wish to see me again , you must seek me at cairo , bagdad , or <unk> . ” , and saw the sickly countenance of la carconte peering between the baluster <unk> ; attracted by the sound of voices , she had feebly dragged herself down the stairs , and	30.029233932495117
, seated on the lower step , head on knees , she had listened to the <unk> conversation . to my lord duke ? ” asked patrick . these words , as if he wished to apply them to the owner himself , while his eyes seemed to plunge into the heart of one who , <unk> for another , had himself need of indulgence . adventure of the preceding day in all its details ; how , not having been able to sleep for the joy he felt in the expectation of seeing his majesty , he had gone to his three friends three hours before the hour of audience ; how they had gone together to the tennis court , and how , upon the fear	59.71412658691406
he had manifested lest he receive a ball in the face , he had been <unk> at by bernajoux , who had nearly paid for his jeer with his life , and m. de la trémouille , who had nothing to do with the matter , with the loss of his hôtel . about to retire ; but when he reached the door , he paused , and then said , “ at what o ’ clock does your excellency wish the carriage and horses to be ready ? ” , but the examining magistrate is waiting for the prisoner . ” will never make a man of him . ” groslow , “ one every two hours . ” , d ’ artagnan waited half an hour	45.127662658691406
without the least impatience , his eyes fixed upon that charming little abode of which he could perceive a part of the ceiling with its gilded moldings , <unk> the elegance of the rest of the apartment . cleared up at a later period , ” murmured the young woman ; “ no , monsieur , be silent . ” for to-day ; you know the axiom , ‘ non bis in <unk> . ’ ” , with the exception of a little , which had been already drunk by m. noirtier . will fall upon the head of whoever wrought it . ” at ? ” murmured the queen , looking uneasily at the cardinal . ” said caderousse very uneasily . , you are decidedly going	45.540199279785156
into the church ? custom , excellency , ” said peppino . an emissary of the cardinal ’ s gave him to understand that he was wrong in receiving the coadjutor so often . off on a full trot , urging on his horse by the blows of a <unk> , which he was in the habit of using instead of a riding whip . athos , “ doubtless you would commit great follies ! given orders to your valet de chambre to put in all you are likely to need , —your plain clothes and your uniform . up with them you won ’ t come back to hang me , ” murmured the sergeant . at his house ; it had taken him six minutes to	64.83273315429688
perform the distance , but these six minutes were sufficient to induce twenty young men who knew the price of the equipage they had been unable to purchase themselves , to put their horses in a gallop in order to see the rich foreigner who could afford to give 20,000 francs apiece for his horses . journey . ” they met bertuccio , who was waiting there , motionless as a sentinel at his post . . with all my heart , monseigneur ; be assured of that . ” only by armed men , but even by women and children . of the faubourg saint-honoré is not good for me . ” of the sort ; for were the gentleman a montmorency , and the diplomatist a	56.08802032470703
<unk> , we will breakfast at eleven ; in the meantime , follow debray ’ s example , and take a glass of sherry and a biscuit . ” the import of which was a unanimous opinion that there was something sinister about the room . who he is ? ” <unk> in the same manner as his master ; he only drank from the cask . i wish all the world to be so ; but it appears that is not possible . ” me ! ” answered villefort , “ the strong arm of the law is not called upon to interfere until the evil has taken place . ” he , as soon as they were by themselves , “ tell me what it is	40.30986022949219
? ” , the gendarmes released him . . ! ” exclaimed the young man hastily . have been very prompt . depend upon me as firmly as i do upon you . ” cane to monsieur de beaufort . will be mute , gentle and timid as lambs . ” you spoke of ? ” asked d ’ avrigny . cloister ; i will become a nun , ” said milady . t it ? looked around him , and saw no one ; but the sound was repeated distinctly enough to convince him of its reality . some esteem for me , ” said the mendicant with pride , “ and that not only will they obey me , but wherever i go they will follow	48.092811584472656
me . ” the contrary ? ” asked aramis , laughing . de chavigny is sometimes absent . ” , who himself also caused a rising about six weeks ago ; but as he was searched for after this emeute he disappeared . ” he recognized it as the boat he had given to jacopo . left hand ; it fit his finger as if made for it . thousand means of taking it away , and the devil has somewhat aided him . the servants , “ it is even probable that we have not been seen ; the shots were fired about a hundred paces in advance of us , in the thickest part of the wood , and we returned to ask your advice .	45.71809768676758
” just for that reason that we have called you , my good m. mouston . my comb ? ” pressure of the arm of the procurator ’ s wife , as a bark yields to the rudder , arrived at the cloister st. <unk> <unk> passage , enclosed with a <unk> at each end . excited jealousy . your honor , ’ tis told how hungry voyagers , <unk> out to sea , have a bad habit of eating each other and beginning <unk> ” followed with his eyes the direction of beauchamp ’ s glance . behave towards travellers ? ” edmond dantès , mate on board the three-master the _pharaon_ , trading in cotton with alexandria and smyrna , and belonging to morrel & son	108.03781127929688
, of marseilles . ” contemplative mood . cavalcanti , “ i know that lake fusaro alone supplies lampreys of that size . ” with him . ” of marseilles , i beg of you , maximilian ; that one word brings back my mother to my <unk> angel mother , who died too soon for myself and all who knew her ; but who , after watching over her child during the brief period <unk> to her in this world , now , i fondly hope , watches from her home in heaven . prejudiced by his esquire , whose relative , as we already know , bernajoux <unk> that it was neither for m. de tréville nor the musketeers to complain , but , on the	102.6236343383789
contrary , for him , whose people the musketeers had <unk> and whose hôtel they had endeavored to burn . who had arms to lend to those who had none . and preparing to march . ” necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition . ! ” said she ; “ i have been here six months without the shadow of recreation . mazarin , “ but the coadjutor is not yet made cardinal ! ” franz , “ here i am , ” and he , in his turn , left the caves . courage will render unnecessary the aid of the police , whose interference might seriously affect him who sends this advice . into his eyes , and he again walked hastily	71.17074584960938
up and down the room . be silent . what rapidity d ’ artagnan seized the expression of a countenance . the cardinal ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , pale with terror . had not yet looked at milady , turned toward her . shall be yours . ” some fine things in our time and we gave that poor cardinal a few threads to unravel . ” as quickly as possible . i left him ? permits me , ” returned the gascon , “ i shall be near him always when there is danger to be encountered . ” a melancholy smile . from the prince , to whom he had hastened with olivain the instant he had received it . half a woman ?	39.96510314941406
was , we must say that the duke of buckingham did not experience an instant of fear . ” whispered franz , “ that you entertain any fear ? ” ” continued the concierge , “ a staunch follower of the bourbons ; he had an only daughter , who married m. de villefort , who had been the king ’ s attorney at nîmes , and afterwards at versailles . ” planchet , “ to treat me as a prince . valentine ; and , turning to her grandfather , she repeated , “ <unk> ” the old man stopped her at the last syllable . much about it , ” said athos . speak , if you please , respectfully of these gentlemen , ” said	27.059303283691406
mazarin ; “ don ’ t you know that i was in my youth a poet ? on ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ let us keep that paper carefully , perhaps i have not thrown away my half-pistole . ” we will do without him . this favorable moment to tell her that he had the intention of shortly giving a fête . answer . and <unk> me . ” . , milady . ” , ” replied athos , laughing . to intimate that he is about to incur danger , perhaps death . ” was time that idea came into porthos ’ s head . ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , who wished for nothing better than an opportunity to distinguish himself	34.090301513671875
under the eye of the lieutenant general . my <unk> ’ ... for you . presented itself to my view as i quitted my father after that last kiss . him back to different events from those now occupying the baroness and him . have died , ” carelessly answered monte cristo . the last and most tumultuous day of the carnival . your excellency , ” said peppino , with an eagerness which danglars thought favorable to him . cough , stretch out your arm . ” just arrived , ” and she handed the letter to d ’ artagnan . man returned ; danglars withdrew . ” asked the abbé . you had suffered persecutions from the cardinal , ” continued milady ; “ that would	66.91358947753906
have been another motive for sympathy between us . ” , ” replied raoul , blushing ; “ thank you a thousand times . ” athos , “ i recur to my first proposal . ; they must be good animals , then . ” beauchamp , “ you doubt me ? like a <unk> repeat the word . danglars , shrugging his shoulders ; “ ah , well ; he would care very little about it , i think . ” this country marvelously ! ” let me know sooner ? ” milady would recognize in him the man of meung and of dover . would do better still by not going at all . ” . ” ” gravely replied monte cristo ; and taking leave	49.69829177856445
of albert , he returned into the house , and struck the gong three times . meet in paris ? ” ” pleased to have , instead of this terrace of twenty feet , an enclosure of two acres ? ” to set out again as soon as possible . ” night . . ” added he , “ i should have said , give them , besides , two hundred francs over as a present ; but times are changed , and the little money that remains to me is not my own , so do not think me mean on this account . ” , either , ” said the queen . said madame de villefort , who had just entered the room , “ perhaps	34.5953254699707
you exaggerate the evil . ” must stick tight to his body . ” so ? ” asked the abbé . then , to interrogate grimaud . ” now that faria was not a lunatic , and the way in which he had achieved the discovery , which had given rise to the suspicion of his madness , increased edmond ’ s admiration of him ; but at the same time dantès could not believe that the deposit , supposing it had ever existed , still existed ; and though he considered the treasure as by no means chimerical , he yet believed it was no longer there . ” replied the baron . porthos . , then , with this dear child ? or rather the reality	58.69599533081055
, surpassed anything valentine had before experienced ; she began to believe herself really alive and awake , and the belief that her reason was this time not deceived made her shudder . right moment had arrived , he took the knife , <unk> open the teeth , which offered less resistance than before , counted one after the other twelve drops , and watched ; the phial contained , perhaps , twice as much more . or remove the full project gutenberg™ license terms from this work , or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg™ . ” said the count , when valentine had left the room , “ was it on my account that you sent	79.89924621582031
mademoiselle de villefort away ? ” flaming , was sinking into the embrace of the welcoming ocean . the president , when silence was restored , ‘ is the count of morcerf convicted of <unk> , treason , and conduct <unk> a member of this house ? ’ — ‘ yes , ’ replied all the members of the committee of inquiry with a unanimous voice . whom she lavished her <unk> been previously acquainted with her , so sudden an alteration might well have excited suspicion in his mind , or at least have greatly astonished him . the cardinal , to whom his most inveterate <unk> have never denied personal bravery , from making nocturnal excursions , sometimes to communicate to the duc d ’ angoulême	111.81785583496094
important orders , sometimes to confer with the king , and sometimes to have an interview with a messenger whom he did not wish to see at home . d ’ artagnan , “ and yet i am certain it is not the first time i have seen that visage . ” was pitched by the side of the royal <unk> , a kind of corridor communicating between the two . villefort , on the count ’ s invitation , offered his arm ; and villefort felt that his glance was uneasy beneath his gold spectacles , when he felt the arm of the baroness press upon his own . is ready in all ways . ” interrupted d ’ artagnan . ’ artagnan had observed , was	42.44523620605469
the way to blois . . time to <unk> , and then said : “ sir , be so good as not to go away without giving me an opportunity to tell you something i can not say before the queen . ” this war will cost the honor , and perhaps the liberty , of the lady of his thoughts , as he says , i will answer for it he will look twice . ” . my horse by the bridle , if you please. ” as he spoke he dismounted , gave the bridle of his horse to the musketeer and placing himself by the side of the prisoner said , in a voice perfectly composed , “ to the palais royal , at full	32.165435791015625
trot . ” to m. danglars ? a terrible murmur was wafted to them by the night breeze ; then all at once it ceased . , and we have stayed an hour and a half . your wife abducted ? ” ” said he , “ will the restoration adopt imperial methods so promptly ? will who will risk being killed with me ! ” said d ’ artagnan , raising his sword . to tell me ? ” of the garden without uttering a word . would possess an interest for you , sir , who have always entertained a great affection for valentine ; it therefore only now remains for us to tell you the name of the young man for whom she is destined	43.881370544433594
. , ’ said the chief , ‘ i now understand why carlini stayed behind . ’ cromwell ’ s most enthusiastic disciples . ” could say , ‘ these two children of a cruel and <unk> king , who have inherited the vices of their father , which i alone could perceive in their juvenile <unk> two children are impediments in my way of promoting the happiness of the english people , whose unhappiness they ( the children ) would infallibly have <unk> ’ thus was lady macbeth served by her conscience , when she sought to give her son , and not her husband ( whatever shakespeare may say ) , a throne . ” replied the prince . his intimacy with these three men he	106.61175537109375
would have become a superior character . that that woman was concerned in the abduction of madame bonacieux . ” debray , “ but then ostia is only a few leagues from rome . ” such flashes that although he was a man and armed before an unarmed woman , he felt the chill of fear glide through his whole frame . , albert ? his hotel , ordered horses to be ready in two hours , and asked to have his breakfast brought to him . when d ’ artagnan bent down to his ear . opportunity for getting something better than a diamond . ” but the steward had sold the last <unk> . as far as our horses can go and afterward we can take	58.01504135131836
the post . signor pastrini , no joking ; we must have a carriage . ” our situation we must not say all we <unk> as we have been warned that our ears should answer for our tongues . ” <unk> , ” answered andrea , as calmly as possible ; “ then i became a thief , and lately have become an assassin . ” albert with all the <unk> of which he was capable . one , if he is not already ; it is no uncommon thing in italy . my lord , that <unk> is an organized body , a kind of association of those who have nothing against those who have everything ; an association in which every one takes his share ;	58.756927490234375
one that <unk> a leader ? ” already told her son that he ought to go to bed , and several times louis had <unk> insisted on staying where he was ; but now he made no reply , but turned pale and bit his lips with anger . than we want . ” asked d ’ artagnan . say that from the day i saw raoul i loved him ; nevertheless , believe that i heartily pray that i may not become to him a father , however much i might be proud of such a son . you not , my most precious wife ? you , count ? ” said the young man , in an almost joyful accent , pressing monte cristo ’ s	50.673912048339844
hand with both his own . the gold and the notes , then handed them to his wife , who counted and counted them again in her turn . you , any more than the rest , to ask for an exception ? ’ ! on the arm of the president , of whose dignity he was not aware , considering him simply as a member of the club ; they went through the alley , mounted a flight of stairs , and entered the <unk> . from time to time to the captains in charge of the two vessels so as to keep them on the alert . ” ’ clock . pampinara , palestrina , or valmontone had been able to gain any influence over him	45.36904525756836
or even to become his companion . , ” said caderousse ; “ one would say you were already in possession of your property . ” , monsieur ; he persists in remaining there . man , and the signature of the contract is fixed for this evening at nine o ’ clock . direction of portsmouth , which he saw at nearly half a league before him , standing out in the <unk> of the morning , with its houses and towers . the door shut and the shutters barred ; the dogs became in their turn silent . pursue him ? ” cried mazarin . when athos heard his young , joyous voice calling to grimaud and olivain , he sighed . comprehend ; and yet	56.10163497924805
i may not ask for an explanation , madame , ” replied monte cristo bowing . part , i shall go to bed , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ come , porthos . ” ; i have only heard that an emperor of china had an oven built expressly , and that in this oven twelve jars like this were successively <unk> . penetrating eye , almost buried beneath the thick gray eyebrow , and a long ( and still black ) beard reaching down to his breast . madame danglars , “ i am too ill . ” , quietly waiting till the cloud should have dispersed which had gathered on the brow of danglars , and which he attributed to his silence ; but	63.80607986450195
, on the contrary , to his great surprise , it grew darker and darker . said athos , “ that last night ’ s conferences would <unk> those warlike arrangements . ” each movement of teresa and her cavalier ; when their hands touched , he felt as though he should swoon ; every pulse beat with violence , and it seemed as though a bell were ringing in his ears . ” as i am in this affair , i can not see it in the same light as you do . a year . ” to all , and if thy father abandon thee , valentine , it is i , and i swear it , that shall pursue the assassin . ” for it	60.366153717041016
, ” said monte cristo . concealed ; my father himself does not know who this president was , and if he knows , he can not tell you ; proper names are not in the dictionary . ” throw ! useless , ” interrupted d ’ artagnan ; “ there are loaded pistols in your holsters . ” de villefort promise to call on him , and i hope the visit will be returned . ” cried mordaunt , returning to the group surrounding the two friends . now that you have been thinking of this marriage , and you must see that it throws some responsibility on me , for it was at my house you met this young cavalcanti , whom i do not really	41.66223907470703
know at all . ” now , a crowd of young and pretty women who came to st . of the fact that the count had removed the <unk> , might now think himself at home , and pursue his purpose with full security . mention you to him . bell that had proclaimed the beginning of the <unk> sounded the retreat . porthos and d ’ artagnan roared out both at once . ” athos , “ he whom we send must possess in himself alone the four qualities united . ” mazarin , with his italian smile ; “ that may happen one day ; but in the <unk> ” i . ” the breakfast-room and the salon on the ground floor . fernand who deserted	80.30108642578125
on the eve of the battle of waterloo ? franz , “ was luigi vampa in the carriage with the roman peasants ? ” . replied eugénie with an almost masculine voice . refused them . ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . ” replied the governor . stay , monsieur d ’ artagnan ; your agreeable company will divert me . ” ” replied the secretary , resting on the stairs . the right and to the left , and drew himself up with a movement full of dignity . d ’ artagnan , “ i am going out for all day , perhaps . my dear m. d ’ artagnan , ” he called out in a coaxing voice , “ will you answer for everything	25.94265365600586
? ” the combat , the dream must succeed to reality , and then the dream reigns supreme , then the dream becomes life , and life becomes the dream . all would be changed ; if i live , interest would be converted into doubt , pity into hostility ; if i live i am only a man who has broken his word , failed in his <unk> fact , only a bankrupt . his <unk> fortune ? of joining this monsieur mordaunt we were to go and join our friends ? ” said porthos , with a gesture fierce enough to have frightened an army . still at the waters ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . rose quickly , drawing at the same moment a	83.53428649902344
pistol from his girdle . he , “ that man has been here . ” , do you say ? ” during the painful hush that followed , a universal shudder pervaded the assembly , and immediately the <unk> attention was given to the orator as he resumed his remarks . your turn , ” said the coadjutor , turning to the last that remained ; “ have you anything as good to offer me as the two gentlemen who have left us ? ” returning hither he will have escaped and we shall never find him . ” d ’ artagnan , “ we can ’ t be overtaken . first . one , too , ” replied albert with gratified pride . of this opera if	47.87672424316406
i can avoid it ; the music of <unk> <unk> is so sweet . ” tuscan , and spanish like a castilian ; he would have been free , and happy with mercédès and his father , whereas he was now confined in the château d ’ if , that impregnable fortress , ignorant of the future destiny of his father and mercédès ; and all this because he had trusted to villefort ’ s promise . ! ” he again fainted . superbly attired , and attended by a train of <unk> domestics . to meet him , and the gigantic porthos , who stood a head above the entire rabble , soon announced that he saw the royal equipage approaching . , during which these two	67.65615844726562
persons , who at first sight recognized each other so clearly as of noble race , examined each other without embarrassment on either side . so , particularly if you have not forgotten a certain signal . ” am determined to have the announcement of yesterday contradicted . her secret , her terrible <unk> secret she concealed even from her maid with such care , the secret of which all the world was ignorant , except himself . extending his arms , the spaniard fell back on the crupper , and the terrified horse , turning around , carried him off . , i hope , young man , as your life . ” in the gallery ? ” said morcerf . is a virtue sufficiently useless to	69.70278930664062
musketeers , i know , but indispensable to churchmen ; and as i am only a musketeer provisionally , i hold it good to be prudent . the queen , “ you have doubtless come for some important purpose . ” things you can do with project gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg™ electronic works . ” thought milady ; “ i have not been earnest enough . ” being disengaged , takes to the service willingly ? ” he asked . journey . ” noble-minded , <unk> , <unk> young friend , and read in his countenance ample confirmation of the sincerity of his devotion and the loyalty of his purpose . ,	56.29446792602539
” said porthos ; “ by my <unk> do i remember it either . ” to be seen in the palais royal . tall , slim young fellow of eighteen or twenty , with black eyes , and hair as dark as a raven ’ s wing ; and his whole appearance bespoke that calmness and resolution peculiar to men accustomed from their cradle to contend with danger . gently . something else to do . ” for reality was but a dream ; but it was a dream so soft , so voluptuous , so <unk> , that they sold themselves body and soul to him who gave it to them , and obedient to his orders as to those of a deity , struck down the	71.67314910888672
designated victim , died in torture without a murmur , believing that the death they underwent was but a quick transition to that life of delights of which the holy herb , now before you , had given them a slight <unk> . ” least , who you are ? ” your excellency , he is not the devil , ” replied the host , with a grin of contempt ; “ for during his fainting we rummaged his valise and found nothing but a clean shirt and eleven <unk> however , did not prevent his saying , as he was fainting , that if such a thing had happened in paris , you should have cause to repent of it at a later period . ” a	85.72665405273438
short time , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ we shall have set battles , <unk> , <unk> and there will be great variety . ” have these fish brought to france ? ” we have already made acquaintance , and who answered to the last of these three names , immediately quitted the group of which they had formed a part , and advanced toward the cabinet , the door of which closed after them as soon as they had entered . rose quickly . . of knowing what the owner was , without the owner knowing who he was ; and however the old sailor and his crew tried to “ pump ” him , they extracted nothing more from him ; he gave accurate	67.33165740966797
descriptions of naples and malta , which he knew as well as marseilles , and held stoutly to his first story . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but get in fearlessly , for i myself will drive you . ” apologized to the count of monte cristo . and stopped at the steps , followed by the horsemen . ” once ? ” <unk> ” , _ennui_ and hunger attacked me at once , —two enemies who rarely accompany each other , and who are yet leagued against me , a sort of <unk> alliance . , you know i am descended on the father ’ s side from the prophets and on the mother ’ s from the <unk> , and that i only speak	49.4360466003418
in <unk> and <unk> . ” said the sergeant ; “ we will lay your case before the commandant of the post . ” reason for <unk> me to go alone ? ” aramis . with your latin . in these <unk> efforts , considering my labor well repaid if , by <unk> i had contrived to carry away a square inch of this <unk> cement , changed by ages into a substance <unk> as the stones themselves ; then to conceal the mass of earth and rubbish i dug up , i was compelled to break through a staircase , and throw the fruits of my labor into the hollow part of it ; but the well is now so completely choked up , that i scarcely	98.79722595214844
think it would be possible to add another handful of dust without leading to discovery . who told you something which made you angry ? here , and i will show it to you . ” caderousse , astonished ; “ who told you i was there ? ” of the doors which opened into the queen ’ s apartment appeared the pretty mme . is about to pay for her king ’ s refusal with a war . appearance of pale and hideous terror . ; the crime is fragrant . , be a military ambuscade , as the ball was not of the regular <unk> . bazin . cardinal arrive , he will take no notice ; if it is monsieur d ’ artagnan and his	46.87783432006836
friends , he will bring them to us . ” touched with remorse , not at inducing porthos to enter into schemes in which his life and fortune would be in jeopardy , for porthos , in the title of baron , had his object and reward ; but poor mousqueton , whose only wish was to be called <unk> it not cruel to snatch him from the delightful state of peace and plenty in which he was ? that be ? ’ inquired the bandits with astonishment . . ” , advantageous to him in one sense , for in proportion as the perspiration broke from his forehead , his heart began to cool . to nobody , ” said milady ; “ observe , to <unk>	79.70468139648438
. ” valentine ’ s father and acknowledge all , begging villefort to pardon and sanction the love which united two fond and loving hearts . best motives are liable to <unk> , the queen saw in your refusal nothing but a <unk> distinct refusal she had also much to complain of you during the lifetime of the late cardinal ; yes , her majesty the <unk> ” peering through the crevices of the wooden partition , he soon discovered the young girl , who cast aside all her usual precautions and walked at once to the barrier . three more such adventures , and i do not despair of seeing you a member of the academy . ” ” thought he , “ and not one true	101.59405517578125
friend . ” the abbé calmly , as he replaced the jewel and its case in the pocket of his cassock , “ it is your fault , not mine , that i do so . a little . and leave us . ” cardinal , ” said the officer . , for i say once more that is all i can promise , and i will promise no more than i can bestow . ” thousand things to tell you . athos , “ very bad . ” ” said she , closing the window with an expression of countenance full of affection and melancholy . that lord winter was really dead , let fall the corpse and said : grew white with rage . glass of	31.7337646484375
wine will not be disagreeable to you ? ” . ” two of these frenchmen when they were only guilty of fighting for charles i . the country , and acted as guide to the cavalcade . the real stake in this game , which two most powerful kingdoms played for the good pleasure of two amorous men , was simply a kind look from anne of austria . one more word of advice . ” you ? ” asked he of edmond . join the escort . ” and her long hair swept the ground . while he who called himself <unk> whom we have occasionally named so , that we might , like his guest , have some title by which to distinguish <unk> some orders	84.30583953857422
to the servant , franz entered still another apartment . fine soldiers as , in later times , <unk> of <unk> used to be . at general cromwell ’ s . the procureur , “ and i think the will promises to be yet more extraordinary , for i can not see how it is to be drawn up without the intervention of valentine , and she may , perhaps , be considered as too much interested in its contents to allow of her being a suitable interpreter of the obscure and <unk> wishes of her grandfather . ” the hôtel of the musketeers , where everyone considered him a good comrade . political difference ? ” myth be ? ” inquired pastrini . to the account of	73.55719757080078
robbers , who had stopped the chaise in the wood . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ if men are punished for imprudence and <unk> , this poor king deserves punishment . is all my secret . ” if he has taken off his mask i shall be able to see . to make this journey very shortly ? ” the king , “ what shall we do ? ” see monsieur at home , ” replied bazin . quite innocent of the treason charged against the general . ” and the ballet began . this mournful relic , felt a paper in the pocket and drew it out ; it was a letter addressed to you , baron . ” apparently . as a thing already	56.79120635986328
decided . ” , with hair as black as jet , her eyes as velvety as the <unk> ’ s , was leaning with her back against the wainscot , rubbing in her slender delicately moulded fingers a bunch of heath blossoms , the flowers of which she was picking off and strewing on the floor ; her arms , bare to the elbow , brown , and <unk> after those of the arlesian venus , moved with a kind of restless impatience , and she tapped the earth with her arched and <unk> foot , so as to display the pure and full shape of her well-turned leg , in its red cotton , gray and blue clocked , <unk> . circumstance can not deserve a place	116.68929290771484
in your remembrance . shall be obeyed . ” with me , are you not ? no pretension to nobility , and calls himself a chance count , although the general opinion at rome is that the count is a man of very high distinction . ” caderousse ; “ it is so <unk> that your hat can easily appear to have blown off . ” any other person , or should anyone else go in your place , the porter will reply that he does not know anything about it . ” aramis . her jewel case . the king , rising too , “ my horse ; i desire to go to thirsk . ” trees , through whose branches streamed the moonlight . monte cristo	47.37639236450195
, “ the loss of a sum of money becomes almost immaterial with a fortune such as you possess , and to one of your philosophic spirit . ” ” said athos , “ allow me to tell you that everybody is tired of war . porthos ; “ listen . ” ) in the united states , you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . as marble and proud like his father . , ” said he , “ <unk> ” then he turned to the officer . ” replied villefort , in a voice now scarcely human . aside , it would probably be on the path which led to the little gate ; but	30.763755798339844
this examination was as useless as the first , and with a bursting heart i returned to the thicket , which now contained no hope for me . ” villefort , “ then i was not deceived ; i felt sure it must be you . ” and shut ; someone was taken in the mousetrap . men , ” said he , “ i accuse this woman of having caused the assassination of the duke of buckingham . ” i command you ! ” a spot upon his heart ? —it would have been more simple . ” ? ” ” rescue you . ” turned in the lock , and before the departing steps of the jailer had died away in the long corridor he had	38.215972900390625
to traverse , dantès , whose restless anxiety concerning his friend left him no desire to touch the food brought him , hurried back to the abbé ’ s chamber , and raising the stone by pressing his head against it , was soon beside the sick man ’ s couch . that olivain had not been taught in the school of the <unk> and the <unk> . ” said madame de saint-méran , after a few minutes ’ reflection , “ i must hasten the marriage , for i have but a short time to live . ” or flemish spy , ” said he , putting his hand to his pistol . live ? ” , had believed him killed , and rushing towards him raised	47.61500549316406
him up , and then attended to him with all the kindness of a devoted comrade . was yielding , and this belief revived the horrible doubt that had overwhelmed him at the château d ’ if . ” replied aramis , “ who however , does not handle the axe amiss . ” the lieutenant , “ ’ tis to general cromwell that our dispatches are addressed . ” ” the cup under the name of lord <unk> ” , ” said milady . this time , he turned pale . you free ? <unk> end of the world ? ” maximilian . ” ; you have nothing to occupy yourself with but being happy . ” wearing a handkerchief like yours on my head , rags	56.20938491821289
on my back , and worn-out shoes on my feet , you would not have known me . ” at the ninth . ” said the pilot in bad french . , in order to rest himself ; but the sea was too violent , and he felt that he could not make use of this means of <unk> . friend of ours . ” you , peppino , ” said the count . s commentaries , ” which la ramee had lent him , contrary to the orders of the governor ; and la ramee resolved never again to disobey these <unk> . do then ? ” on something harder than gravel road . them no longer ! ” numerous for me to remember them all ,	48.35993194580078
and i will content myself with the first , ” said the queen , graciously . them a visit , listened to their conversation , or rather was present at it , plunged in his accustomed state of <unk> . blind and deaf , ” replied the young man , with an air of determination that made his companion shudder . change at all in the course of your examination ? ” madame de villefort and danglars ; the other seats were filled by debray , who was placed between the two cavalcanti , and by château-renaud , seated between madame de villefort and morrel . you of this conspiracy ? ” ? ” ” said franz , “ do you feel much inclined to join the revels	37.270511627197266
? me ! ” bond of union was closer than ever , and when they parted , each to take the route agreed on , they turned back to utter affectionate expressions , which the <unk> of the <unk> repeated . the governor of the port , ” said the shipmaster , “ and give me the preference . ” and walked before planchet , who made a sign to d ’ artagnan . s the thing , my lord ! ” cried his <unk> , gaily . god . ” spite of the dislike he seemed to have taken to the count , to confess that the advantage was not on pastrini ’ s side . and no one has seen us do it . ” ?	40.938568115234375
” cried d ’ artagnan . than you were , ” returned d ’ artagnan . the very midst of this discontented mob just as if his horse and he had been made of iron . , ” replied andrea , “ that you never make a good one ; but let us see your plan . ” unexpected one i am preparing to surprise them with . ” , ” exclaimed the young seaman , with tears in his eyes , and grasping the owner ’ s hand , “ m . inquiring glance at milady . the gascon “ here ’ s a young blade who has already his love affair , who doesn ’ t at all agree with athos in his hatred to the	41.808101654052734
fair sex . servants to m. de la trémouille with a letter in which he begged of him to <unk> the cardinal ’ s guardsmen from his house , and to reprimand his people for their audacity in making _sortie_ against the king ’ s musketeers . ” members . or shall we charge ? ” the valet entered the chamber . ? ” cried lord winter . m. franz ? ” the eyes repeated several times , “ no , no , no . ” report it . empty , that it seemed as if it would be impossible ever to fill it again ; still he had patience for another half-hour , which appeared to him like a century . then , ” said franz ,	40.07122802734375
“ since you wish it ; but on our way to the piazza del popolo , i wish to pass through the corso . d ’ artagnan , “ poor athos is perhaps at this moment dead , and dead by my <unk> it was i who dragged him into this affair , of which he did not know the origin , of which he is ignorant of the result , and from which he can derive no advantage . ” ; in the meantime , we will have a merry night ; this young girl is charming , and does credit to your taste . ? ” asked athos , “ it is as dark as a cold oven . ” lift your hand to your queen	38.39760971069336
? ” said anne of austria , drawing herself up to her full height , and fixing her eyes upon the chancellor with an expression almost threatening . the <unk> , like the grapes , fell to the ground . brings you home to me ? the sound of the door , and continued his calculations until the flash of the torches lighted up with an <unk> glare the sombre walls of his cell ; then , raising his head , he perceived with astonishment the number of persons present . ” muttered fernand . do ? ” each other and sincere . ” us come to terms ; i ask nothing better . ” she , trying to recover her self-possession . one his post . .	40.27048873901367
” cristo ! ” said danglars , more pale from terror than he had been just before from hunger and misery . ” tell all i have said , will you not , reverend sir ? ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , who when the gate was open deposited the key in his pocket , reckoning upon returning by that gate . monte cristo to let things die away of their own accord . aramis instantly drew near one another , while jussac drew up his soldiers . cristo acts <unk> to m. de morcerf , and is justified by his son ! my dear friend , this diamond became our only resource ; with it i might regain our horses and their harnesses , and	55.867515563964844
even money to pay our expenses on the road . ” he renewed his vow to make her happy . , ” said the count , “ no direct questions , my dear morcerf ; if you wish to know anything , tell me , and i will ask her . ” , you look like a reasonable being ; when you speak , i seem to have to do with a madman . yet i do live . ” retired by degrees as noiselessly as they had entered . dantès , “ i see nothing but broken lines and unconnected words , which are rendered illegible by fire . ” , a first-rate artist , wrote poetry , and composed music ; to the study of the	56.166194915771484
latter she professed to be entirely devoted , following it with an indefatigable perseverance , assisted by a <unk> , —a young woman without fortune whose talent promised to <unk> into remarkable powers as a <unk> . with listening and smiling without replying a word . valentine , confess that what i say is true , lest i be tempted to call you unjust . ” was opened . said danglars , addressing caderousse , “ the turn things have taken . of his spanish wine . . immediately withdrawn , and the young man saw valentine hurrying towards the house , as though she were almost terrified at her own sensations . . said before , sir , —very well ; i am ready to marry m.	90.95726776123047
cavalcanti . ” grimaud and the scotchman , and we all three retired into a corner of the square . ’ observed caderousse , replacing the box in his pocket , ‘ someone else will purchase it . ’ . mercy upon me ! ” and , uttering a fearful cry , barrois fell back as if he had been struck by lightning . , the cardinal will send someone to take you away . ” to be no longer observed , a sentiment resembling ferocity animated her countenance . ” said planchet , who had observed his master grow red and pale successively , “ did i not guess truly ? porthos , “ you can ’ t think that , d ’ artagnan ! ” ,	58.5079345703125
motionless and dumb , listening to the beating of his own heart . . ” cheering words . laporte , in order to turn the subject , “ to whom does your majesty wish me to give the candle ? ” not worth reckoning with the general stock . ” the honor to give me a hearing ; that is all i want . ” deep thought , yet listened attentively . unhappy being , who , concealed behind the damask curtain , almost felt mercédès dress brush past him , and his son ’ s warm breath , pronouncing these words : permission from the prince by a glance and went out . now your mentioning to me at perugia something of this sort . ” in	78.47978973388672
token of admiration . , mordioux ! ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ if he is a puritan we will inform him of the capture of the king , and in honor of the news he will kill for us his <unk> <unk> . ” my liberty , after having deprived me of death , after having recalled me to existence , my god , have pity on me , and do not let me die in despair ! ” shaking his handkerchief as an exchange of signals . he was revolving some unfortunate idea in his mind . ! ” said he ; “ it is the day my father was <unk> ” valentine and villefort were dumb ; the eye of the old man alone	39.096317291259766
seemed to say clearly , “ go on . ” of brass , ” replied aramis . you are delightful , and i should like to spend a month at bragelonne . ” child of seven may some day make him very unhappy . always one response which <unk> women . part played by porthos in the duel , it had not made him forget the dinner of the procurator ’ s wife . this idea , which , from what he had heard , was not wanting in probability . whether the wine of <unk> produces melancholy , but certainly everything appears to me black in this house , ” said debray . the coadjutor , from madame de longueville , and the prince de conti ;	71.5751953125
madame de chevreuse and madame de vendome have left their names at his door . ” the musketeer . me ? had morrel renewed his demand , and twice had villefort soothed him with promises . i beg , sir . ” fought with others : in his first journey to paris , five times ; from the death of the late king till the young one came of age , without reckoning wars and <unk> , seven times ; and from that date up to the present day , a hundred times , perhaps ! construction on your visit ? ” forms were looking at the sea ; doubtless these strange grave-diggers had heard his cry . s musketeers and the cardinal ’ s guards procurator ’	71.61715698242188
s wife advanced toward the holy font . you have one of the first fortunes in france . . was , and what a stupid fellow i am ! <unk> arms ? ” would be a real fortune to us , my friend ; let us go back to the jew ’ s again . ” one of my friends ? ” replied d ’ artagnan , affecting hesitation in order to make her believe him ignorant . ? ” continued the president . the cardinal , like a man who says , “ lord , thy will be done ! ” his repugnance to mordaunt , walked with him upon the deck and invented a hundred stories to make him talk . a long and flexible neck	40.7752799987793
, issued from his large black robe , balancing itself with a motion very much like that of the <unk> thrusting his head out of his <unk> . maximilian , ” said she ; “ it is the counsel of a madman , and i should be more mad than you , did i not stop you at once with the word ‘ impossible , morrel , impossible ! ’ ” to pay with , brute ? ” said danglars , enraged . ” worth ? ” , unfolded it , and , raising his hand , “ heaven be praised , and his holiness also , ” said he in a loud voice ; “ here is a pardon for one of the prisoners ! ” mother	39.15175247192383
? ” asked albert . alone in the world ; he uses my property without <unk> for the use he makes of it ; he is sure never to leave my service . ” had left him was critical . , could only see enough to recognize the form of her vestments , not enough to distinguish her features . ? ” said athos . said the young man . . ” king desired to be informed the moment the cardinal arrived . . ” planchet , “ like the famous ass of <unk> . at morcerf as if to say , — “ are you mad , or are you laughing at us ? ” have your five hundred francs , ” said andrea ; “ but	37.72830581665039
it is very hard for me , my poor <unk> take <unk> ” had appealed to him to afford the best chance of his security . to porthos . ” de la fontaine , no . rendezvous , that would not be the best means of commencing an acquaintance . ” hotel , franz found albert in his dressing-gown and slippers , listlessly extended on a sofa , smoking a cigar . tranquillity and moderation , the count , making a signal to ali to follow him , went out by the <unk> and on reaching the bois de boulogne turned , apparently without design towards paris and at twilight ; found himself opposite his house in the champs-élysées . this , on the same road , there	62.64686584472656
is an inn , and about a mile further on , after leaving the inn , you will reach the village of <unk> . a mania for diamonds , ” said morcerf , smiling , “ and i <unk> believe that , like <unk> , he keeps his pockets filled , for the sake of strewing them along the road , as tom thumb did his flint stones . ” ’ cried selim . and whenever one of the prince de conti ’ s generals wished to gain more influence he got up a little popular tumult , which he put down again , and thus for the moment gained a superiority over his colleagues . something , ” said albert ; “ today is thursday , and	74.85191345214844
who knows what may arrive between this and sunday ? ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ we are observed . ” you , edmond , back again ? ” said he , with a broad marseillaise accent , and a grin that displayed his <unk> teeth . with astonishment ; he was not used to see monte cristo give vent to such bursts of enthusiasm . name struck me , because i also have known that gentleman , and it appeared strange to me to meet with a person who appears to know him well . ” in that affair ? ” said aramis . glance at the first musket and saw , with a certain degree of <unk> , that it was leveled in	37.73190689086914
his direction ; but as soon as he perceived that the orifice of the barrel was motionless , he threw himself upon the ground . very day . ” his address , although polite , was <unk> than usual . athos , “ we depart alone . ” the bearings of the coast , explained to him the variations of the compass , and taught him to read in that vast book opened over our heads which they call heaven , and where god writes in azure with letters of diamonds . ” to paris , and the two lackeys had agreed , for their transport , to <unk> the wagoner ’ s thirst along the route . ” said porthos , “ i am glad to hear	54.604061126708984
d ’ artagnan admit that he is afraid . ” father ; my resolution is irrevocable . ” fireplace and lit the fire , and although she had just left her bed , she could not resist the temptation offered by valentine ’ s sleep , so she threw herself into an armchair to snatch a little more rest . , accompanied her . mademoiselle danglars never to commit herself by being seen in public with one destined for a theatrical life ; and acting upon this principle , the banker ’ s daughter , though perfectly willing to allow mademoiselle louise d ’ armilly ( that was the name of the young <unk> ) to practice with her through the day , took especial care not to	65.72010040283203
be seen in her company . ” replied the major . you ? ” her beauty was of too marked and decided a character to please a fastidious taste ; her hair was raven black , but its natural waves seemed somewhat rebellious ; her eyes , of the same color as her hair , were surmounted by <unk> brows , whose great defect , however , consisted in an almost habitual frown , while her whole physiognomy wore that expression of firmness and decision so little in accordance with the gentler attributes of her <unk> nose was precisely what a sculptor would have chosen for a chiselled <unk> . ” continued d ’ artagnan , “ it was not the measured step of a foot soldier ,	99.45063018798828
nor was it the gait of a horseman . heard from all parts of the room . you frighten me . going . the hospitals has been restored to them by an unknown hand . his _moccoletto_ in his hand . the apartment , he cast around him a scrutinizing <unk> there was nothing to excite suspicion , if it did not exist , or to confirm it , if it were already awakened . ” said d ’ artagnan , trying to laugh , “ do you know we look very much like a flock of silly , <unk> women ! time before i was able to make out what place i was in , or to take account of the details i describe . said the	46.94487380981445
messenger , ‘ or i will come nearer to you , if you prefer it. ’ — ‘ i will agree to neither one nor the other , ’ replied the young soldier ; ‘ place the object which i desire to see in the ray of light which shines there , and retire while i examine it. ’ — ‘ be it so , ’ said the envoy ; and he retired , after having first deposited the token agreed on in the place pointed out to him by selim . things you can do with project gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg™ electronic works . was shut ; but he leaped over	69.43965148925781
the hedge , and in spite of the barking of a <unk> dog , went up to the cabin . , ” said athos ; then in a lower and more gentle voice , he added . enough , my most excellent host , and you may rely upon me to proclaim so striking a proof of your attention to your guests wherever i go . musketeer , d ’ artagnan said : taken , the effect is produced . , ” said comminges , “ you shall hear of this <unk> . ” the castle of rueil the cardinal richelieu had some horrible ‘ oubliettes ’ constructed . ” praying. ” the scrutinizing glance of the count searched the young man from head to foot . paradise	56.194026947021484
, porthos ; one takes no note of time . resembles him , because he works by secret springs , and moves by hidden ways . at each other with terror . rose to take leave : the greek servants hold no communication with those of this country . ” madame de chevreuse , the duke of buckingham , or madame de vernet ? ” feather before the wind ; let us join with that side to which the wind will carry it and resume our adventurous life . that ’ twas that saint <unk> , porthos , who performed this feat ! the man who deserves being regretted during the whole life of another man ; but leave us , i pray you . ” and i	99.42247009277344
will obey . ” as true as my name ’ s <unk> butler . ” to do , my friend ? ” asked morrel , arresting his hand . ” said dantès ; “ of what did you make your ink ? ” has this <unk> of mind been evinced ? ” and at a loss what to do . yourself , ” said the count ; “ you have written it . ” remarked to gaetano , “ you told me that signor sinbad was going to malaga , while it seems he is in the direction of porto-vecchio . ” over himself , or whether by accident he did not sound the <unk> <unk> that in other circumstances had been touched , he was tonight like	54.190406799316406
everybody else . said , extending his hand in the direction of the first compartment examined by d ’ artagnan and himself . fernand , restless and uneasy , seemed to start at every fresh sound , and from time to time wiped away the large drops of perspiration that gathered on his brow . it , you can do better , ” said danglars . said albert , forgetting at the moment the count ’ s command that he should ask no questions of the slave herself , “ is it possible that you can have known what suffering is except by name ? ” renounce his excursion for this evening ? ” about it ? ” gentleman fell like a log . d ’ artagnan at	45.49094009399414
my house ? ” it will be necessary to act promptly . ” said la ramee , “ if you will take a bit of good advice , don ’ t put that off till you are old . ” drawing-room , where tea was prepared . , betrayed . they are trying to catch your eye ? ” , then ? ” ! ” he returned . a piece of <unk> , of the cardinal ; and as his talents did not enable him to produce a very good <unk> , he wrote under the picture that there might be little doubt regarding the original : “ portrait of the illustrious coxcomb , <unk> ” monsieur de chavigny , the governor of vincennes , waited upon the	50.16820526123047
duke to request that he would amuse himself in some other way , or that at all events , if he drew <unk> , he would not put mottoes underneath them . you are too much in fortune ’ s way . in matters relating to discipline . ” viscount ! ” exclaimed franz . the prison , that their noise did not , in general , awake him ; but whether <unk> had <unk> his faculties , or whether the noise was really louder than usual , edmond raised his head and listened . half . ” defend the honor of a woman ; and as i am going to the red dovecot myself , i shall know if you have told me the truth . ”	53.77959060668945
he cried . the question once , but so vaguely that i venture to put it a second time . ” he took some sea water and sprinkled it over her face . low as the least of her <unk> from her high estate . ” the rapid gallop of a troop of horsemen . of battle , i have never done that . ” settled . said the duke . , that the report has spread that the queen has left the palais royal , carrying off the king , and the people ask to have proof to the contrary , or threaten to demolish the palais royal . ” noisy . ” position we are in . as to hear and see everything , ” he	47.375125885009766
answered . ” said d ’ artagnan , giving his hand to the count ; “ you are going to see something curious , ” added the gascon . the master i propose to you ? is one of my best friends . ” monsieur bernouin , if you wish to do what will be pleasing to your master , announce to her majesty that i have come , and tell her with what purpose . ” with nobody in paris . not forget that promise . ” god , i swear to you , because this action , the only one with which i have seriously to reproach myself in all my life , is no doubt the cause of my abject condition . small drawing-room on	29.02024269104004
the first floor , sat down , and crossing his legs motioned to the young man to take a seat also . calmness and method as if he had been <unk> in a fencing school . ” murmured the girl , “ leave me my mother ! ” . kitty came to him . apprised him of all that was passing in her mind . not wait for the opposite party to speak . ; i shall remain and look over the accounts with danglars . to notice him particularly ; he ’ s an old acquaintance . the place to which athos pointed , d ’ artagnan saw a cavalier coming toward the house at full gallop . a small quantity of rum formed his supper ,	43.85905075073242
and he snatched a few hours ’ sleep , lying over the mouth of the cave . , for this eulogium of m. morrel , himself the pearl of the honest men of marseilles , flattered him more than a present of fifty crowns . , and continued : of the torch was reflected on the wall ; the guide was coming ; monte cristo went to meet him . ; a sun-dial could not have shown the hour with greater precision . continued athos , “ you , who but lately were so anxious for such an opportunity for expressing your gratitude to monseigneur , here it is ; avail yourself of it . ” was favorable ; but he had been so often warned to mistrust	66.4013442993164
first impulses , that he applied the maxim to the impression , forgetting the difference between the two words . such things from such a man as you ! then , my father , ” he said , extending his hand to morrel , “ die in peace , my father ; i will live . ” i am , a sort of philosopher , and one day perhaps i shall go to paris to rival monsieur <unk> , and the man in the little blue cloak . ” count de guiche , ” continued the young man ; “ my father is the marechal de grammont ; and now that you know who i am , do me the honor to inform me who you are .	32.98979949951172
” right ; i should be ashamed for anyone to know your baseness . ” indiscretion to ask to see those precious pills ? ” continued beauchamp , hoping to take him at a disadvantage . fresh from the maker ’ s hands , gray moustaches , a bold eye , a major ’ s uniform , ornamented with three medals and five <unk> fact , the thorough bearing of an old <unk> was the appearance of major bartolomeo cavalcanti , that tender father with whom we are already acquainted . of d ’ artagnan , the shutter remained closed . ; they are going to drag her away , ” cried d ’ artagnan to himself , springing up from the floor . round felton ’ s	55.69414520263672
neck , and let herself slip out of the window . , then , ” said beauchamp , “ with rendering the count all the little services in our power . ” whispered aramis ; “ it is doubtless some spy . ” the drawing-room , which was like all other furnished drawing-rooms . ; we know all about that . ” uniform as your eminence possesses , i protest i should be <unk> content , and i would take an oath never to wear any other <unk> ” remember , or may not <unk> we have promised not to lose sight of him . and yet i recollect all things as clearly as if they had happened but then . , ” asked caderousse , with eager	56.67050552368164
, glowing looks , “ that it was a stone of immense value ? ” it in remembrance of your eminence . ” s made the gascon regret that he had summoned the brute force of his friend to aid him in an affair which seemed to require chiefly cunning . beautiful vessel ? ” then his age , he passed , with just title , for the handsomest gentleman and the most elegant cavalier of france or england . <unk> ” and he sat down . pistache this difficult question , who was the greatest thief in the world ? of musketeers . ” <unk> carefully , for perhaps the evil may not stop here . admission before the other . lord , ” whispered athos ,	76.64459228515625
and he said something in a low voice . you , as he has always done . ” bastards who are thus fortunate . villefort naturally was , and his present excitement frightened her so much that she opened her mouth to scream , but the sound died in her throat . rich ( for my father ’ s income amounts to half a million ) , has experienced many misfortunes , and i myself was , at the age of five years , taken away by the treachery of my tutor , so that for fifteen years i have not seen the author of my existence . be of use to her ; do not envy me this happiness . ” ? ” he asked . period	63.222503662109375
and at a certain moment , if any mischance should happen to you , ” said richelieu , significantly , “ that it was i who came to seek you , and that i did all in my power to prevent this misfortune <unk> you . ” an ineffable look towards heaven . house since i had left it . them approach , drew back mechanically , until he found himself stopped by a <unk> in the centre of the clump ; there he was compelled to remain . do so , monseigneur , ” replied the gascon , with a noble confidence . the same , ” murmured monte cristo , “ only now it is broad daylight instead of night ; it is the sun which	41.273624420166016
<unk> the place , and makes it appear so cheerful . ” my impatience . ” i am a prisoner , ” said milady , looking around her , and bringing back her eyes with a most gracious smile to the young officer ; “ but i feel assured it will not be for long , ” added she . for ; when i bade him have the <unk> of the oxen gilded , he told me there would not be time , as it would require three days to do that ; so you see we must do without this little <unk> . ” the more terrible because it had no definite object ; the more melancholy , because those engaged in it knew not for whom	55.39469909667969
they were fighting . illusions ; but for real love , for true jealousy , is there any reality except illusions and chimeras ? rapped was that of a little laundress , who had been previously warned , and was not yet gone to bed . of the bank . described a circle , and were bringing him back to rome . you wish to know ? ” make a breach in the barricade , whilst he and others , remaining on their horses , were to protect the assailants . from here ? ” demanded the swiss , stamping violently , like a man who begins to be seriously angry . ” replied porthos , “ to be candid with you , i am not happy .	60.89908218383789
” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ he is called porthos ” ( the queen started ) , “ but his true name is the chevalier du vallon . ” saves the country , ” added athos . of the guards who could not see his king pass captive before him without rendering him this final homage . struck in the name of the law and of justice my profession allowed me to sleep quietly , sheltered as i was by justice and law ; but since that terrible night when i became an instrument of private vengeance and when with personal hatred i raised the sword over one of god ’ s <unk> that <unk> ” days since . ” ” repeated milady , with an	74.26346588134766
unspeakable expression of duplicity . of the last hours of charles i . read this morning ; read it again , dantès , and then i will complete for you the incomplete words and unconnected sense . ” ! , he exclaimed : not at your own disposal . ” do you desire it to be ? ” , ” added he in a low tone , “ that i should remain in paris just now to watch the paper . ” a favorite with cucumetto , as he had for three years faithfully served him , and as he had saved his life by shooting a dragoon who was about to cut him down , he hoped the chief would have pity on him . the desperate	58.18273162841797
gallop it had kept up since leaving the barrier , and arrived steaming at louvres . in the name of wonder ? ” ” , brisemont , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ do not think so . , then , and cause maximilian ’ s death ? ” you , dear friends ? replied the spaniard , “ is a retired wagoner , a man of much sense , who made one valuable observation whilst driving his team , namely , that where there happened to be a stone on the road , it was much easier to remove the stone than try and make the wheel pass over it . to have him killed , ” said d ’ artagnan to porthos , “ but	69.02234649658203
at all events it shall not be by me . ” before one is over forty . put the madman with the <unk> ” the soldiers seized dantès , who followed passively . to date contact information can be found at the foundation ’ s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact came down to you , i drank a glass of <unk> water ; i left half , because it seemed so <unk> ” noirtier turned pale , and made a sign that he wished to speak . , ” said d ’ artagnan . you never repeated to the count all the foolish remarks we used to make about him ? ” of the king ’ s death , his successor inherits a crown , —when the	57.75944137573242
employee dies , the supernumerary steps into his shoes , and receives his <unk> of twelve thousand livres . accept your invitation , having promised to accompany my mother to a german concert given by the baroness of château-renaud . ” joy like the storm which <unk> the sleeper in the midst of a happy dream ; she grew pale and ran to the window , while mme . her woman ’ s heart was breaking under its load of memories . she said . started in every direction over england and europe to announce that charles stuart was the prisoner of oliver cromwell . , when some one touched him softly on the shoulder . said athos , <unk> . around her , to be certain that	73.60800170898438
they were quite alone ; then bending as if she would have knelt , and joining her hands , she said with an accent of despair : the president of the club presented himself ; the general was ready , the president informed him that one of the conditions of his introduction was that he should be eternally ignorant of the place of meeting , and that he would allow his eyes to be bandaged , swearing that he would not endeavor to take off the bandage . monte cristo , “ i have heard that ; but , as <unk> said to hamlet , ‘ it is a law of nature ; their fathers died before them , and they mourned their loss ; they will die	55.111026763916016
before their children , who will , in their turn , grieve for them . ’ ” which the scene we have just described had taken place on the road between bellegarde and beaucaire , a man of about thirty or <unk> , dressed in a bright blue frock coat , nankeen trousers , and a white waistcoat , having the appearance and accent of an englishman , presented himself before the mayor of marseilles . were dreaming or awake . majesty that monsieur de tréville ’ s guarantee is more than sufficient . ” you as a pattern for your conduct , not being , as you are , a paid servant , but a mere <unk> dog , who , should he fail in his duty	60.77373504638672
towards me , i should not discharge from my service , but kill . ” such an extraordinary person , that i would not answer for it . ” fifth whom they carried away wounded . ” once more , and this time he was calm as a child awaking from its sleep . wear ? ” really going ? ” , that night you loved me , i will swear it . ” he had finished . will be progressing , events will succeed each other ; things which in the evening look dark and obscure , appear but too clearly in the light of morning , and sometimes the utterance of one word , or the lapse of a single day , will reveal the most	78.04625701904297
cruel calumnies . ” an instant , mute , pensive and motionless ; then , as he went in , he saw the fair madeleine , his hostess , standing on the threshold . my poniard . ” ? ” was here yesterday . to pace the room in gloomy silence , <unk> avoiding the sight of his guest ; but as soon as the stranger had completed his repast , the agitated innkeeper went eagerly to the door and opened it . the count extricated me in so wonderful a manner ? ” ” cried mousqueton , his fat cheeks swelling out and his whole frame <unk> with joy ; “ monsieur d ’ artagnan ! loud , young <unk> ’ t speak so loud . !	54.39126968383789
” said julie . , but a gush of blood stifled him . any such infraction of regular and proper rules should be made in his favor . against visitors as soon as the clock struck five , ” replied the valet . , and read it with an indescribable feeling of delight . it ? ” you ? reasons , ” replied athos . come , let me embrace you . so i call her the beautiful indian . ” as they were in a flood of brilliant light , which illumined the sea for the space of a league , they might each be seen , each by his own peculiar attitude and manner expressing the awe which , even in their hearts of bronze ,	63.73465347290039
they could not help experiencing . in person the <unk> which surround the palais royal ; do you suppose that there is any danger in so doing ? ” valentine , restraining her tears , “ my grandfather is dead . ” won by a horse and rider utterly unknown on the course . ” ” said athos , laughing . is probable that things have fallen out so , but i will not swear to it , sire . can follow you no farther , and i only stop at the foot of the scaffold . danglars , “ i ’ ll take your bet ; but <unk> it is time to return . , and then stopped at a small <unk> surrounded with rocks , in	38.216529846191406
which seats had been cut , not unlike <unk> . épinay , saw him enter , afterwards go out , and then re-enter with albert and château-renaud . gravity of this event , for the moment after morrel had entered his private office with cocles , julie saw the latter leave it pale , trembling , and his features betraying the utmost consternation . by <unk> , that porthos was taking his revenge for the defeat of chantilly , when the procurator ’ s wife had proved so <unk> with respect to her purse . mistaken here ’ s bazin . , and the second act of the comedy will not delay its steps after the first . ” he , ‘ does not the emperor , who	67.71331787109375
has devised so many clever and <unk> <unk> of improving the art of war , <unk> a regiment of lawyers , judges and legal <unk> , sending them in the hottest fire the enemy could maintain , and using them to save better men ? ’ you see , my dear , that for picturesque expression and generosity of spirit there is not much to choose between the language of either party . having a companion who entertains the least fear . ” fatal and sanguinary intention to destroy that son of whom m. de morcerf was so proud ? me , my good friend ? ” said m. de tréville . are a <unk> miserable woman , stupid and brutal . afraid . ” they venture so	104.95098114013672
near the hotel de bouillon ? ” the queen , “ i think myself as much honored to have received you this evening as if you had been a prince , and i wish to know your name . ” responded , “ you are a stranger , and i believe you say yourself that a portion of your life has been spent in oriental countries , so you are not aware how human justice , so expeditious in barbarous countries , takes with us a prudent and <unk> course . ” joy at the peaceful termination of the affair , and was loud in his expressions of delight . , and calls for gratitude and heaven has not taken away all my blessings when it leaves me	61.911251068115234
your sympathy and kindness . ” and yet wished to kill your friend the chevalier ? ” , and saw maximilian and emmanuel alight . ” said monte cristo ; “ really i do not know what i have been thinking <unk> have positively kept you standing for the last quarter of an hour . ” and i expected this result . ” he allowed morrel , château-renaud , and debray to leave on horseback , and the ladies in m. de villefort ’ s carriage . flooring suddenly gave way , my father fell on one knee , and at the same moment twenty hands were thrust forth , armed with sabres , pistols , and <unk> blows were instantaneously directed against one man , and my	67.97322082519531
father disappeared in a whirlwind of fire and smoke kindled by these demons , and which seemed like hell itself opening beneath his feet . ; not for a time , but forever . shrugged his shoulders , saying : franz to the count , “ with this theory , which renders you at once judge and executioner of your own cause , it would be difficult to adopt a course that would forever prevent your falling under the power of the law . knots an hour . asked beauchamp . to the stables ; day was just <unk> . , he invited her to descend by offering her his hand . ” said monte cristo to himself , “ that i can have met with a man	53.505462646484375
that has no ambition ? a nobleman ? <unk> or old ? <unk> or short ? for kings , ” said the mother . he says , major ? ” rest , gentlemen ; i need to know whether i am among enemies or friends . ” , ” said the count ; “ he to whom you have confided your <unk> from whom death would have separated you , calls you to him . ville , my dear fellow . ” that you are , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ instruct me , support me . she , without losing any of her cheerfulness , “ this is singular ! he said , “ how happy you will be . ” had an old father	42.0489501953125
whom he loved , a betrothed bride whom he adored . demonstration , and you would make everyone vow to live a single life . ” be really true ? ” for the price i asked . ’ must be on my side . ” , daughter of henry iv . ” our invitation to messieurs cavalcanti ? ” will , i trust , be amply satisfied on this point at least . ” i were his d ’ artagnan , instead of belonging to that beast of a mazarin , mordieu ! the gascon , “ you would make a distinguished general . ” man ; besides , he is unarmed ; at the first word from his eminence the two soldiers about him would run to	63.95100784301758
his assistance . ” the same way , four relays on your route . ? ” swimming toward us . . ” inquired the abbé . , monsieur mouston . ” that all the responsibility fell , for one is not a <unk> minister without responsibility . chair , andrea threw himself upon the bed ; the keeper retired . then , my beautiful lady , ” cried the captain ; “ and may god often send me such passengers as your ladyship ! ” de bouillon they came across a little troop of three cavaliers , who seemed to know every possible password ; for they walked without either guide or escort , and on arriving at the barricades had nothing to do but to speak to	66.20075225830078
those who guarded them , who instantly let them pass with evident deference , due probably to their high birth . rest by double the length of his horse . then ? ” asked the queen . take our revenge . ” , but in the darkness he looked in vain for the white dress , and in the silence he vainly listened for the sound of footsteps . given up poetry , except now and then to write a drinking song , some gay <unk> or some innocent <unk> ; i compose sermons , my friend . ” boat you want , sir . . ” the door for baptistin , whom he saw in the rue matignon , and who was running . to your fancy	71.38735961914062
, ” replied mazarin . artagnan could hardly suppress an exclamation of surprise . said the major , “ i do not demand more , you <unk> ” his oath gave him strength to proceed . the cardinal ; a woman who will draw you into a snare in which you will leave your head . ” the abbé runs a chance of being wet , ” said the other ; and then there was a burst of brutal laughter . that all the paths of the mountain were known to vampa ; he therefore went forward without a moment ’ s hesitation , although there was no beaten track , but he knew his path by looking at the trees and bushes , and thus they kept	55.65562438964844
on advancing for nearly an hour and a half . requires money . ” and i saw him enter the house where we now are , only , instead of entering by the great door that looks into the street , he came on horseback , or in his carriage , left the one or the other at the little inn , and entered by the gate you see there . ” the one with which i gather my <unk> ’ ‘ lend it to us , and go into your house again ; there is a crown for the annoyance we have caused you . an active part in the return from the island of elba . , for he will tell you , what is very	52.66552734375
true , that perhaps there were fifty officers in the greek army bearing the same name . ” store for him ; turning around , he saw near the door a beautiful fair face , whose large blue eyes were , without any marked expression , fixed upon him , while the bouquet of myosotis was gently raised to her lips . ? la ramee , who gave it to them , but not till the evening , however ; until then he had business and the prisoner was not to be left alone . up ? ” he asked again . apart from his plans for the future , which , it must be admitted , were for the present sufficiently vague and uncertain , there was	65.38404846191406
a beginning of vengeance which filled his heart . landed at pianosa , where he was assured that red partridges abounded . for ? ” said caderousse . my evil genius , whom i have always met with when threatened by some misfortune , he who accompanied that horrible woman when i met her for the first time , he whom i was seeking when i offended our athos , he whom i saw on the very morning madame bonacieux was abducted . , ” said groslow . hundred and <unk> were royalists ? ” asked athos . it would be <unk> athos not to leave him alone ; and in a few minutes cahusac fell , with a sword thrust through his throat . , that it	59.402950286865234
is not so ? ” already begun . ” said he , “ the letter was true to the end ? ” ’ artagnan , ” said the minister , sitting down , “ i am about to give you the greatest proof of confidence that a minister can give an officer . ” the captain of your little vessel , on entering the roadstead , sent forward , in order to obtain permission to enter the port , a little boat bearing his <unk> and the register of his voyagers ? that ’ s it , friend . ” a good watch over the prisoner . at and kissing the sweet girl . foreseen . say . ” cold , ” said porthos . ! ” said	33.347286224365234
château-renaud , shuddering . five-and-twenty years , spared no pains to understand the people of france and the interests which were confided to me ; and now , when i see the <unk> of my wishes almost within reach , the power i hold in my hands bursts and <unk> me to atoms ! ” that affairs were growing worse and he beat the guard ’ s march upon the door . s reply . ” returned suddenly on the opposite side to that by which he had left ; he made a sign with his head to the sentinel , who , turning to the boat , said , “ _s ’ <unk> ” the italian _s ’ <unk> is <unk> ; it means at once ,	57.66887283325195
“ come , enter , you are welcome ; make yourself at home ; you are the master. ” it is like that turkish phrase of molière ’ s that so astonished the bourgeois gentleman by the number of things implied in its utterance . , and do not take off the bandage until he himself bids you . ” send early to aramis and had given his letter to blaisois , the only <unk> whom he had left . i was no longer master of my senses . it spoken of , but i did not know the details , and then no one can be more ignorant than i am of the affairs in the bourse . ” young viscount , are you ? ” difficulties	72.3773422241211
, but the count of monte cristo produced a permit from the governor of rome , allowing him to leave or enter the city at any hour of the day or night ; the <unk> was therefore raised , the porter had a louis for his trouble , and they went on their way . . the courts of the palais royal , where there still remained some of the <unk> of late guests , they entered the garden and reached the little gate . man , ” said the major ; “ and he sent them to you ? ” bell , and roused the whole hôtel . inquire the reason of this unexpected visit ? ” said m. morrel , addressing the magistrate , whom he	36.357696533203125
evidently knew ; “ there is doubtless some mistake easily explained . ” dear friend , ” said aramis , “ follow your own career . immovable . this lad a horse was brought to the door of bazin ’ s house . and , my faith , my seventy-five pistoles passed from my pocket to his , without reckoning my horse , which he won into the bargain . hear , fellow ? ” , doubtless , yet i have never seen you at court . ” said mazarin , bowing , “ i desire that you give me a share in your friends , as i have shared with you the little industry and talent that heaven has given me . host . ” wait to	47.214351654052734
be told twice , but passing under the horse ’ s head disappeared at the corner of the rue guenegaud . that there is something worth having about this large gentleman ? ” case , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ they are doubtless <unk> her from one prison to another . ? ” asked athos . for such a cause ; but in return for a slow , profound , eternal torture , i would give back the same , were it possible ; an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , as the <unk> say , —our masters in everything , —those favored creatures who have formed for themselves a life of dreams and a paradise of realities . ” of	74.83956909179688
the two and give me yours . ” at the banker ’ s feet , he could not have experienced greater terror . , besides , an idea had struck me . ” , charles i . with ink . ” the voice . . friend . ” talent are they celebrated ? athos , “ you are the <unk> poet of france or navarre . ” continued athos . air possible , and conversed with more than her usual brilliancy . man , since you have made your first passage of arms , and have acquired the right to go where you will without consulting me . ” as if he had seen him that same morning ; only , when pressing his hand a little more	43.25143814086914
warmly than usual , he informed him that the company of dessessart was on duty at the louvre , and that he might repair at once to his post . to understand the language of glances , but now since the name of athos had suggested to him the same idea , he understood . , this woman whom he loved ! little secret , a precaution i thought it desirable to take , one of <unk> & <unk> ’ s locks , revised and improved by gaspard caderousse ; i will manufacture you a similar one when you are a <unk> . ” true what you say ? ” ever on the alert , could alone have discovered them , had gone to devour his <unk> upon	67.770751953125
the <unk> of a house in the square of notre dame . mercédès with a mournful smile . ! ” cried the guards , and they drew back respectfully to let the two friends pass . after the little la valliere ; she has sprained her foot , you know . ” want to make you king , instead of the prince of wales , or the duke of <unk> , your elder brothers . . you , it was your purveyor , ” said d ’ artagnan . ground floor , ” said caderousse . certainly , but their principles you may ; to learn is not to know ; there are the <unk> and the learned . it consist ? ” have declared that he was	43.805625915527344
not fatigued , but athos insisted on his retiring to his chamber , conducted thither by raoul . arranging a little surprise for you . ” man , coming from lord de winter , undoubtedly spoke in his name , and softened . , ” said the abbé , “ that i should bestow on men you say are false and <unk> , the reward intended for faithful friendship ? ” of following the alleys ? ” said buckingham , becoming so pale that d ’ artagnan feared he would faint as he broke the seal . foreseen , athos was not within . _ bells did you say ? ” as suddenly as it came , and is forgotten . ” secrecy and had disclosed the event	70.69424438476562
to no one except the prince de condé , who had sent five or six hundred horsemen into the environs of saint germain with orders to bring in any suspicious person who was going away from rueil , in whatsoever direction it might be . the faubourg saint-honoré . d ’ artagnan ! ” cried mme . ? ” him ? ” monsieur porthos , ” observed planchet replying , as it were , to his master ’ s thoughts . the protecting hand of god snatch him thence , all is over , and his struggles but tend to hasten his destruction . never to say anything of you , never to do anything against you ; on your side , a solemn oath to remain neutral	74.4017333984375
with respect to me . , ” he replied , “ of the old man of the mountain , who attempted to assassinate <unk> <unk> ? ” of the cardinal . ” , in a carriage , no . ” there was a proper proportion in his sentiments toward the governor of the prison and the <unk> the <unk> and the master . custom , the ramparts of fort saint-jean were covered with spectators ; it is always an event at marseilles for a ship to come into port , especially when this ship , like the _pharaon_ , has been built , <unk> , and laden at the old <unk> <unk> , and belongs to an owner of the city . , ” said athos , sighing	43.62097930908203
; “ the past and the future . ” understand , ” said porthos . , a few inarticulate sounds alone escaped my lips . and obeyed with childlike reverence . madame . . that at the moment when edmond was about to begin his labor , he stopped , laid down his pickaxe , seized his gun , mounted to the summit of the highest rock , and from thence gazed round in every direction . ” said monte cristo ; “ and i have <unk> ” these words were uttered in a tone which made morrel shudder . wish you to reflect . ” not to be sold , ” was the reply . the holy cross ; i only regret it because she was a	41.49238204956055
woman . ” kept back by villefort , had become , under the second restoration , a terrible weapon against him in the hands of the king ’ s attorney . it becomes the simplest thing in the world ; get me that proof , and i will send him to the bastille . ” particular , astonished their comrades ; they traveled together , side by side , with sad eyes and heads lowered . have in my <unk> a man who might be of the greatest use to you . ” thrice missed the mark . ” new world have with the bottles which are on the commode and the wardrobe ? ” electronically , the person or entity providing it to you may choose to	54.647247314453125
give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund . , that if it were so , ” said he , rising in his turn , and approaching the baroness , to speak to her in a lower tone , “ we are lost . he said . ” said d ’ artagnan . called to the host and announced that a wounded man was about to be brought to his house and begged him in the meantime to prepare everything needful . murmured julie . city is a nice sort of place . ” inquired valentine , much agitated ; “ who is it ? ” , he opened his eyes . ” said monte cristo , after the first compliments	27.041296005249023
were over , “ what is the matter with you , m. de villefort ? seemed to be taking aim , and the remainder appeared merely to be sword in hand . , i hate him ! ” said the young man . of yanina ; she snatched me from the cushions on which i was sleeping , and on opening my eyes i saw hers filled with tears . you at that time ? ” jacopo , “ and without any hesitation . ” he , “ when i am gone , that you may not be witness of my anger . ” his pocket a bundle of bank-notes , which might have been twice the sum m. de boville feared to lose . , ” said	30.16691780090332
aramis . vessel had almost overtaken them when , fortunately , night came on , and enabled them to double the cape of corsica , and so <unk> all further pursuit . is no occasion to divide the honors of my discovery with him . his hand across his brow . , you exaggerate your situation , ” said madame danglars , whose beautiful eyes sparkled for a moment . or rather always listen . ” the way ? ” personally ? ” asked the governor . , ” replied d ’ artagnan . remain in my humility and indolence . <unk> the fashionable <unk> number 6 , and he undertook to call and take d ’ artagnan with him in order to introduce him . ” said	49.15885543823242
mousqueton , glancing at his friend ’ s long and thin body , “ you will pass easily . ” one of those wretches with whom the palace <unk> and who are placed about her as spies ! four double pistoles into his pocket to answer the needs of the moment , he placed the others in the ebony box , inlaid with mother of pearl , in which was the famous handkerchief which served him as a talisman . heard this conversation , and noirtier fixed his eye so earnestly on valentine that she felt bound to answer to the look . at the races in the champ-de-mars , ” said château-renaud . viscount ; i believe he has not a <unk> in his possession . ”	70.298828125
some more splendid than others , —this is our credit ; but when a man dies he has only his skin ; in the same way , on retiring from business , you have nothing but your real principal of about five or six millions , at the most ; for third-rate fortunes are never more than a fourth of what they appear to be , like the <unk> on a railway , the size of which is <unk> by the smoke and steam surrounding it . t you hear ? the godfather is a second father , we beg the reader to lay to our account , and not to that of the comte de la fère , the pleasure or the _ennui_ he may experience .	90.4429931640625
a small <unk> he made a sign to show all was right . you say strange things , ” said aramis . ” cried patrick . ” said villefort , “ be so kind , i beseech you , as to accompany this gentleman . ” asked monte cristo quickly , with an imperceptible gleam of hope . what you will ; only remember , though the name be blank , it is to you i give it . ” sometimes die worth twenty thousand and twenty-five and thirty thousand francs and sometimes more . ” say that the <unk> between albert and the fair peasant continued all day . all were in their places , and m. de morcerf entered at the last stroke . place <unk>	52.158321380615234
! ” cried d ’ artagnan . crowd and were addressed this time to the king as well as the minister . , amongst whom i was born , whom i have always loved better than the english . the count , left the apartment without speaking . it . ” , philip ? then , ” replied the young man , anxious to find out the truth , “ it is that , then , i remember as we remember a dream . clock in the evening when the marshal arrived at the appointed place . remember it was through my chamber you had penetrated hers , and that then she would suppose i was your accomplice ; so i took what little money i had and	36.67962646484375
the best of my things , and i got away . should not be seen together ; those guides are nothing but spies , and might possibly recognize you ; and , however i may be honored by your friendship , my worthy friend , if once the extent of our intimacy were known , i am sadly afraid both my reputation and credit would suffer thereby . ” toward grimaud , who merely thrust the guard out and shut the door behind him . opened the door , such a <unk> of wind came in that the lamp was nearly extinguished . . ; he had to collect the documents he had long been preparing against this storm , which his sagacity had foreseen . ! session	91.22600555419922
! ” of comte de wardes . . enthusiastic . ” in prison discipline than even louis himself , and the number of prisoners whose names are not on the register is <unk> ” had morrel even any suspicions , so much kindness would have dispelled them . , a living guaranty , ” replied monte cristo , motionless , but with a threatening look ; “ we have both blood in our veins which we wish to <unk> is our mutual guaranty . will not recover your liberty through me ; living , you will not lose your life through me . ” ? ” villefort like the executioner ’ s knife . a horse is ? what had taken place , and aramis , not less	59.00748825073242
distrustful than he , had increased his suspicions . i have seen mercédès come into the city she has been accompanied by a tall , strapping , <unk> catalan , with a red complexion , brown skin , and fierce air , whom she calls cousin . ” said porthos ; “ and his guardian , what would he have said to that ? ” surprise me , ” said d ’ artagnan , in a low tone to porthos , “ that mazarin would have been much better satisfied had i crushed the life out of his councillor . ” as usual , this hôtel was full of soldiers of this company , who hastened to the succor of their comrades . for it was from this	51.169429779052734
parliament , the enemy of monarchs , that the daughter of the great , the sublime henry iv. , whom you so much admire , received the only relief this winter which prevented her from dying of hunger and cold ! ” speaking of , ” said morrel ; “ m . then ? ” asked the <unk> “ i have my carriage here , ” said the president . my god ! ” from these reflections by lubin , who uttered loud cries and screamed for help with all his might . where raoul had been but once ; at the court , which raoul had never seen ; his follies as page ; two duels , which he had already found the means of fighting ,	69.77165222167969
in spite of the edicts against them and , more especially , in spite of his tutor ’ s <unk> things excited the greatest curiosity in raoul . beg you , that i am his humble servant . ” me so ! ” sir , as it was men ’ s and not god ’ s doing . ” i think , a sterlet , ” said château-renaud . in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties . i shall set out for la rochelle with the army ; but on the eve of my departure a vessel which i shall see depart will take you hence and convey you to our <unk> in the south . in a low voice : drew back his	46.83379364013672
head , saying , “ i thought so ! ” and sliding from the shoulders of dantès as <unk> as he had ascended , he nimbly leaped from the table to the ground . from jupiter , and <unk> by their birth ; but nowadays they are not <unk> . two ; m. and madame danglars , four ; m. de château-renaud , m. debray , m. morrel , seven ; major bartolomeo cavalcanti , eight . ” think of what you ’ re about to do , and beware of going too far ! ” planchet had no liking for and that was starting on a journey with a hungry stomach . <unk> of nature , this king of the creation ! ” had revealed this fatal	77.48898315429688
secret , which we had so carefully concealed from him ; however , it was this answer , in which the child ’ s whole character revealed itself , that almost terrified me , and my arm fell without touching him . stammered dantès . looking into , and i will take pains to investigate the matter thoroughly . ” ” said dantès ; “ you can take it away when you bring me my breakfast . ” young man , <unk> will see him ; and if anything can be <unk> , we will make it our business . ” the young man , who was overwhelmed with shame and grief , the following facts . <unk> for the cardinal , ” replied the young man ,	38.964046478271484
smiling . of his life had been to become a musketeer . and was not aware of it , by reason of the cold ; but suddenly feebleness , occasioned by loss of blood , obliged him to sit down . d ’ artagnan , “ you must render me a service . ” i esteem them , but will not have them . ” this evening , ” continued mazarin . forthwith to the bottom of the sea ; and if you come another fathom nearer , i ’ ll <unk> your wicked head in with this oar . ” queen . ” ” repeated the doctor . that i may see you depart ! ” the count , “ i do not say it to blame	33.315277099609375
you , but you made an unnecessary sacrifice in relinquishing the whole of the fortune amassed by m. de morcerf ; half of it at least by right belonged to you , in virtue of your vigilance and economy . ” i wish you to contradict this <unk> ” beauchamp looked at albert with a benevolent expression . anything , my lord ? ” are the only two who are armed . efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life . to do ? ” asked the wounded man . . twofold request you well knew we did not wish to secure the throne of louis xviii. , or we should not take so much care to avoid the vigilance of the	56.76102066040039
police . sword and a dress , ” said porthos . of the coadjutor , and at that moment ten o ’ clock struck . m. de villefort at the moment when the count , leaning over a large table , was <unk> on a map the route from st. petersburg to china . stabbed just as i was trampling the ground to fill up the hole ; while doing so i had leaned against a laburnum ; behind me was an artificial <unk> , intended to serve as a resting-place for persons walking in the garden ; in falling , my hand , relaxing its hold of the laburnum , felt the coldness of the stone . on at the approaching assizes ; when , on the	68.82801055908203
<unk> of <unk> is to say , precisely three months and five days after the events which had <unk> my <unk> abbé busoni , whom i never ventured to believe i should see , presented himself at the prison doors , saying he understood one of the prisoners wished to speak to him ; he added , that having learned at marseilles the particulars of my imprisonment , he hastened to comply with my desire . ] on which could be read this strange device : “ we are seeking our king . ” any hesitation , only waiting to press the count ’ s hand fervently , he swallowed the mysterious substance offered by monte cristo . some time , his eyes fixed upon the ground ;	82.31159210205078
slight stains of blood , which came from the wound inflicted upon the man who accompanied the carriage as a courier , or from one of the horses , dotted the road . , ” said cromwell . i pay that out of my <unk> francs , —that is understood , —and as i require only eighty francs for my journey , you see i am overwhelmed with luxury . that which , since i have known you , have suffered by you and for you , i conjure you , if you have any care for my repose , to <unk> those great <unk> which you are preparing against france , to put an end to a war of which it is publicly said religion is the	72.89347076416016
ostensible cause , and of which , it is generally whispered , your love for me is the concealed cause . ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i see that you understand french . towards the clump of trees , and morrel soon recognized the other gentleman as doctor d ’ avrigny . spoken one word , answered merely by a word and a gesture . in the taste displayed in furnishing , and in the rapidity with which it was executed . of selfishness , and so i always say to la carconte , when she <unk> , ‘ hold your tongue , woman ; it is the will of <unk> ’ ” and caderousse bowed his head with every sign of real repentance .	66.58800506591797
on his face , covered with a cold sweat , that d ’ artagnan took pity on him , and casting upon him a look of contempt , “ stop , ” said he , “ i will show you the difference between a man of courage and such a coward as you . again ? commit any new originality ? ” previous one—the old editions will be renamed . at his friend with an earnestness that embarrassed him . my master , ” said the concierge , shaking his head . me , and you shall know all . ” home , and i will carry away the key , after having placed you in his apartment . ” , i accept them , ” said d	32.8802604675293
’ artagnan ; “ and if it please god , we will make a good use of your presents . ” dinner party at my house , and you introduced yourself at his house ; that is a totally different affair . ” die , ” said she , “ bequeath your fortune to others , for if you die i shall require nothing ; ” and , taking the paper , she tore it in four pieces , and threw it into the middle of the room . the stairs and in the passage where the doctor would pass . the greenhouse that you see at the other end of the grove . ” by that ? ” his breast . he . voyage . carefully keeping	37.05363464355469
the boat in the shadow ; then , when they were opposite the fire , he steered to the centre of the circle , singing a fishing song , of which his companions sung the chorus . his fortune remained obscure . of expecting two hundred wretched francs , you expect five or six thousand , perhaps ten , perhaps even twelve , for you take care not to let anyone know the utmost . far from here to the house i would return and finish him . ” to her habit of conversing with her grandfather , she understood that he asked for a key . franz d ’ épinay . ; i will obey you at all points . ” raoul , as he turned to	67.53455352783203
leave the room , “ i have thought of one thing , and that is about the duchess of chevreuse , who was so kind to me and to whom i owe my introduction to the prince . ” and wait . ” was regaining some little influence over her husband . a grand masked ball , to which all that were distinguished in rome were invited . d ’ artagnan , “ all this leads to nothing . much more than that ; she was born to treasures in comparison with which those recorded in the _thousand and one nights_ would seem but poverty . ” neither seen nor heard anything . ” , here is a gentleman who had none of these resources at his <unk>	62.92859649658203
gentleman , only a simple magistrate , who learned more than you with all your police , and who would have saved my crown , if , like you , he had the power of directing a <unk> ” the look of the minister of police was turned with concentrated spite on villefort , who bent his head in modest triumph . , my dear count , ” said danglars ; “ you are a man of the world , are you not ? ” . ” was gagged and laid prostrate . your eminence wish to escort you ? ” or notes ? ” . , does it not , sir ? ” inquired caderousse . speak of me , i am sure they thought about me	42.368961334228516
, and i am in despair . ” , do so , and that at once ; for within an hour the ballet will commence . ” once , ” replied grimaud , a cloud darkening his countenance at the picture so suddenly summoned to the bar of recollection . aspect m. d ’ épinay ? ” said , “ there is the stone upon which i used to sit ; there is the impression made by my shoulders on the wall ; there is the mark of my blood made when one day i dashed my head against the wall . and more thoughtful . eat much or <unk> you have ten dishes or <unk> is always the same price . ” behind a clump of bushes	57.970741271972656
and in the midst of a pile of rocks , by which a man could scarcely pass . the queen , who remarked this movement and his paleness . his place . good <unk> ! don ’ t be uneasy about that . ” can i do ? four guards and a police officer , who accompanied it , mounted into the heavy machine and closed the shutters ; then through an opening cautiously made , the policeman began to watch the length of the rue cocatrix , as if he was waiting for some one . d ’ artagnan , in a loud voice . him from his moist abode , but to his surprise he perceived that athos staggered . an opportunity for talking about pretty	52.28798294067383
little mme . ” said athos . come to speak to you of a very serious matter . ” by this engagement ; he was to be back on the sixteenth day , by eight o ’ clock in the evening . faria , when the young man had finished reading it . although the wealth of his family had passed into a proverb , and i heard the phrase very often , ‘ as rich as a <unk> ’ but he , like public rumor , lived on this reputation for wealth ; his palace was my paradise . marry me , ” replied the hostess , between two <unk> . yesterday . ” answered d ’ artagnan . good wishes and this kiss bring you good	49.48339080810547
fortune ! ” he to danglars , “ understand that i do not take a final leave of you ; i must ascertain if your insinuations are just , and am going now to inquire of the count of monte cristo . ” him of me ? ” the horse furniture very much . , ” replied the gascon ; “ on the contrary , we think of announcing very soon that we have you here . ” . ” bright , glittering eyes , in which a wild , unearthly fire seems burning , —the same ghastly paleness . gold aramis raised his eyes and porthos started . it ? ” said d ’ artagnan . the table , ate but little , and drank only water	53.68516159057617
. morrel . ” and the bier was lifted once more , and they proceeded . arrived ! ” these feat by heart yonder , down at pierrefonds , and i have done all that he did except breaking a cord by the <unk> of my temples . ” gentleman to whom this horse <unk> officer , brave and handsome as a youthful caesar ; ” then , pretending to see raoul for the first time : to the salutations , <unk> , and jokes of their companions . your eminence , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ but i was so <unk> ” blaisois . the other hand , my lord , ” returned the governor , “ when the first rebel should pass the threshold	59.55999755859375
of my <unk> doors i should be obliged to kill you with my own hand , since you were confided peculiarly to my care and as i am obliged to give you up , dead or alive . ” quietly , wholly ignorant of what had become of his wife , and caring very little about it . , ” said the king , “ and that is all i had to say to you . ” , my lord ; don ’ t be uneasy . ’ not altogether impossible he might have had , for he made me promise several times never to speak of that letter to anyone , assuring me he so advised me for my own interest ; and , more than this	37.5333137512207
, he insisted on my taking a solemn oath never to utter the name mentioned in the address . ” here , you hussy ? ” the snare , and i answered you would be quite in despair on your return . answered the gascon ; “ these marks are regular . ” . have to do with galley-slaves , or <unk> in the world ? i must ask your leave of absence for some days . ” himself in an instant . to be _decapitato_ ; 4 and he , your excellency , is poor peppino . ” containing five hundred pistoles in gold ; make all your arrangements , and tell me where i shall be able to find you this evening at ten o ’	55.73365020751953
clock . ” great desire to drink the king ’ s health , ” said athos . grace , pardon ! ” cried the wretch , falling on her knees . <unk> simpleton , can you not guess who this noirtier was , whose very name he was so careful to keep concealed ? time after the death of louis xiii . dine by his holiness arm thrown around his body , and a well-known voice behind him exclaimed , “ <unk> father ! ” the owner , glancing after dantès , who was watching the anchoring of his vessel , “ it seems to me that a sailor needs not be so old as you say , danglars , to understand his business , for our friend	46.22330856323242
edmond seems to understand it thoroughly , and not to require <unk> from anyone . ” a strong resemblance to treachery , and he was very suspicious of the political relations which existed between that woman and the cardinal . in their hands , but , warned in time , i withdrew it a month ago . ” i brought you ! ” said morrel , when he was alone with the count . cathedral , d ’ artagnan saw bazin , who was conversing with the <unk> . receive and return them , sir , ” said the officer , in pretty good french , “ for i resided three years in paris . ” waiting , ” said monte cristo , smiling . appears . in	40.1358642578125
which the information against you was <unk> ? ” vallon—— ” <unk> at one another , as much as to say , “ have you found anything ? ” thing which grieves me , ” observed the major , “ and that is the necessity for my leaving paris so soon . ” milady , “ if you keep your word , instead of five hundred , i will give you a thousand pistoles . ” , i shall be happy to show you my picture gallery , composed entirely of works by the ancient <unk> as such . ; the cardinal took a key from his <unk> and opening the door of a secret stair descended into the court of the palais royal . aramis , and	39.957794189453125
then , if you desire it , and if they desire it , let us separate forever from our old friends . ” without a promise and voluntarily , all that i can do to serve the king and be agreeable to the queen . time ; look. ” monte cristo took the pistols he held in his hand when mercédès entered , and fixing an ace of <unk> against the iron plate , with four shots he successively shot off the four sides of the club . the room above . , approached athos , still insensible , and as all this noise and commotion inconvenienced him greatly , he required , as the first and most urgent thing , that the musketeer should be carried into	77.73487091064453
an adjoining chamber . day to-morrow , if you want it . my wife , <unk> my wife herself . ” till we have seen mazarin , and then—— ” only of market reports , of the end of the month , of the rise and fall of spanish funds , of haitian bonds . accursed ! ” , ” said the monk , who , sitting on the foot of the bed , began to be interested in a story so strangely introduced . said d ’ artagnan . short picard <unk> , which cost three hundred livres . combated , destroyed , <unk> , by that feeling of intimate pain which , on certain occasions , takes possession of our being , and cries to us	66.23431396484375
so as to be understood <unk> that some great misfortune is hanging over us . he was employed in the commissariat of the french army , and made a fortune ; then with that money he speculated in the funds , and trebled or <unk> his capital ; and , having first married his banker ’ s daughter , who left him a widower , he has married a second time , a widow , a madame de nargonne , daughter of m. de servieux , the king ’ s chamberlain , who is in high favor at court . i dislike more , which is the sound of your voice . ” hope , ” said danglars , “ but consider it a settled thing , if	57.1225471496582
no obstacle arises on your part . ” , “ behold , other players appear . ” ” road , took the path he had before taken , and reaching the ferry , interrogated the boatman . and gloomy , even the mild countenance of aramis . ” said d ’ artagnan , half rising and bowing ; “ you are my landlord ? ” despondency ; aramis looked first at porthos and then at d ’ artagnan , without speaking , but the latter understood his <unk> look . was , seized the mane of his horse , which carried him on with the others . other particulars he was desirous of ascertaining , and those were of a nature he alone could investigate in a manner	53.741790771484375
satisfactory to himself . queen ; peace brought her abdication . ( and i pray of you to give me your full attention ) , then i thought i could not be doing anything displeasing to the almighty in trying to set an innocent being at <unk> who had committed no offence , and merited not condemnation . ” underneath them and been hurt . ” him not until he is dead ; the lives of five men are not safe , in my opinion , as long as he is on the earth . ” placed this cup on the table roused franz ’ s curiosity . ridicule of this , and took it for a piece of simplicity , at which he laughed in his large	91.32615661621094
mustache . of the line ; then all the superior officers approached him to pay their compliments , m. dessessart , captain of the guards , as well as the others . is often a mysterious guide communicating with the fibres of memory , which in spite of us will arouse them at times ; this thread , like that of <unk> , when once unraveled will conduct one through a labyrinth of thought , in which one loses one ’ s self in endeavoring to follow that phantom of the past which is called recollection . said d ’ artagnan , in his most wheedling tone . to forget or to remember , as it pleases you ; and i know not what you mean , ”	67.96833038330078
said d ’ artagnan , bowing . andrea proposed making money of his diamonds ; and by uniting the proceeds to ten bank-notes he always carried about with him in case of accident , he would then find himself possessor of about 50,000 livres , which he philosophically considered as no very deplorable condition after all . descended , as pale as though he had issued from his tomb instead of his carriage . perfect , and it was evident there was a great demand for a repetition , carmela alone <unk> to it , but the count of san-felice besought his daughter so earnestly , that she acceded . of information , then ? ” was anxious to restore you to the position which you had lost	91.78761291503906
, and that he would seek your father until he found him . of the matter , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ is that there remains no trace of it . ” seeming hilarity , nevertheless , people ’ s minds were uneasy . you , my dear doctor , that you may be deceived . ” enough to allow that there was no murder in politics . first <unk> don ’ t think , d ’ artagnan , i am telling you anything <unk> a lawyer ; they thought that ‘ nauseous ; ’ you can understand that ’ s a word bad enough to make one kill thirty thousand men . lemaire are a league from the château d ’ if ; dantès ,	51.42875671386719
nevertheless , determined to make for them . that our friend d ’ artagnan has added any of his own to the amount . ” the case would your honor condemn his action ? ” his piercing glance on the young man , on whose heart caderousse ’ s words fell like molten lead . ? ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ we must return to paris . ” accordance with paragraph 1.f.3 , a full refund of any money paid for a work or a replacement copy , if a defect in the electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of receipt of the work . francs in your pocket ; that will be fifty fowls at 100,000 francs apiece , and	40.1650390625
half a fowl for the 50,000 . ” swords , with which , i can assure you , my friend and i can play tolerably well . of infamy . commentaries , ” replied la ramee , with his coarse laugh . discernible through the trees , remained in darkness , and gave no indication that so important an event as the signature of a marriage-contract was going on . ? ” pistoles , d ’ artagnan . be at her country seat , for she has not answered me . ” the queen , when the chancellor had finished speaking ; “ what do you think of it all ? ” , then ? ” cried the monk . now , and rich ? ” the angry	37.97224807739258
look . , for what am i in want of ? a manner impossible to describe . d ’ artagnan , “ i trust that you honorably sent them back to monsieur le cardinal ! ” ? —nothing . natural manner possible . but where and how shall i see you again ? ” curate remaining for a moment . on condition that you will not open it till i am gone ; ” and placing in his breast the treasure he had just found , which was more valuable to him than the richest jewel , he rushed out of the corridor , and reaching his boat , cried , “ to marseilles ! ” ’ ” in a maze , ” said porthos ; “ do	43.302345275878906
_you_ approve of what d ’ artagnan has done ? ” pretty well , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ and besides , you see , if they put us on trial , if they cut off our heads , they must meanwhile either keep us here or transfer us elsewhere . ” cardinal . ” , who was familiar with the arabic language , having studied it during the famous egyptian campaign , followed with his eye as the <unk> read aloud : of being calmed by the soft picture , uttered a groan and fainted . paper which you must not part with on any account , and which you will deliver into the proper hands . ” countenance an appearance of perfect candor .	61.907352447509766
not at all , vicomte , ” athos replied ; “ he is simply a gentleman of great genius who has fallen into disgrace with the cardinal through having written certain verses against him . ” was necessary to her <unk> . this expedition for a day , and monsieur paid him his compliments upon it . the queen ; “ how is that ? ” that young man , d ’ artagnan . ” crowd of people , who opened a way for us to pass , when suddenly my mother , having looked closely at an object which was attracting their attention , uttered a piercing cry and fell to the ground , pointing as she did so to a head which was placed over the	57.388492584228516
gates , and beneath which were inscribed these words : without thinking of inquiring the cause of their departure . is on at beaucaire , there are always jewellers from paris there , and i will show it to them . hour had already glided by , he crossed the gallery and knocked at the cardinal ’ s door . be sought for . ’ ” ” said athos ; “ but they are only <unk> bad <unk> , who will be sure not to hit me . ” than these devilish strains . acres of land ! ” see me . conversing cheerfully with morrel , but he was well prepared for what might happen . . ” ” cried caderousse , smiling , “ you have	42.61531448364258
not attained that honor yet . ring that will obtain audience of him , and remove every difficulty , ’ said the captain . his <unk> , if we may thus <unk> cry frightful in its silence . time <unk> ; i passed the day without experiencing anything of the kind i dreaded . magnificent . ” ” answered the host , even more surprised at the question than he had been by the silence which had preceded it ; “ i am gaspard caderousse , at your service . ” ” order , ” said porthos , who now began to comprehend what d ’ artagnan was aiming at , “ we ask only for that . ” give me one by which i may have the	64.00811767578125
pleasure of addressing you . more about it , then . , with his back leaning against the wall and his hands hanging down , exactly on the spot where the guards placed him . support monarchy , in order to support ourselves . lens , with the intention , doubtless , of securing possession of that town and <unk> from france the army of france . does not allude to its value , although it has been estimated at 100,000 francs ; he means , that the articles contained in this purse are the relics of the angel i spoke of just now . ” heaven , ” cried dantès , “ speak again , though the sound of your voice terrifies me . the pure parliament	60.33164978027344
, ” resumed the host , “ i mean the one which colonel bridge has <unk> . ” ” said the same voice , in the same commanding tone . of which i accuse her ; that is the cause for which she was branded . ” the room to go to madame de villefort ’ s , ” said he ; “ and in passing , as she was thirsty , she drank what remained in the glass ; as for the decanter , master edward had emptied that to make a pond for his <unk> . ” means are limited , and that i am what would be designated a man of moderate pretensions . the cardinal , and your opinions will be held ever sacred	47.216617584228516
by me . de saint-méran , if science could have done it ; but she is dead and my duty regards the living . i think what they say is very well said , and quite worthy of two gentlemen . ” out of the window and whistled , and the horses appeared to fly . went to pay a visit to one of his friends absent at the time , ” continued tréville , “ to a young béarnais , a cadet in his majesty ’ s guards , the company of monsieur dessessart , but scarcely had he arrived at his friend ’ s and taken up a book , while waiting his return , when a mixed crowd of bailiffs and soldiers came and laid	54.648681640625
siege to the house , broke open several <unk> ” a cupboard , and returned with an old leathern pocket-book and a bag . so ? ” to you from the island of elba . ” to the club in the rue saint-jacques . ” completely deserted , the night too dark , the captain too <unk> . the governor , “ i know beforehand what you are about to say ; it concerns your treasures , does it not ? ” faria fixed his eyes on him with an expression that would have convinced anyone else of his sanity . the path . the bastile just as it was striking half-past eight . he resumed his place at the window , and surveyed the crowd with a	44.02405548095703
certain impatience , evidently annoyed by their remaining <unk> . m. cavalcanti , and i get the three millions , or even if it is thought i am going to get them , my credit will be restored , and my fortune , which for the last month or two has been swallowed up in <unk> which have been opened in my path by an inconceivable fatality , will revive . d ’ artagnan , “ you sing charmingly , dear aramis . ” said the queen , “ it would have much astonished me if that low <unk> , with his distorted legs , had not been mixed up with all this . ” vengeance she <unk> by the light of the flashes which her tempestuous passion	64.107666015625
<unk> over her mind against mme . morrel , ” said she ; “ the son of that good merchant of marseilles , whom you doubtless recollect . ” ! ” cried one of the ladies . has told you what he has suffered ; but to suffer for him is happiness . ” of the carriage , allowed his brother-in-law ’ s gayety to expend itself in words , while he felt equal inward joy , which , however , betrayed itself only in his countenance . her . of battle on which i am an <unk> general than <unk> of a conference . their saddles and lost no time hastening to the nearest gate . ” between two walls of rock , following a path worn	57.18754577636719
by a torrent , and which , in all human probability , human foot had never before trod , dantès approached the spot where he supposed the grottos must have existed . people , then a constitution , then liberty . said athos , pointing to the bastion , “ they will not come and disturb us . ” every voice . . villefort , “ this seems to me the truth . the secret of the medicis or the borgias . ” felt she was lost if she did not come to the assistance of the disconcerted puritan . had seen leave the ship with so much regret entered this house ; she had scarcely closed the door after her when monte cristo appeared at the corner	55.82256317138672
of a street , so that he found and lost her again almost at the same instant . france she had a young woman who was attached to one of her opponents poisoned in the convent of the <unk> at bethune . de nargonne , your first husband , being neither a philosopher nor a banker , or perhaps being both , and seeing there was nothing to be got out of a king ’ s attorney , died of grief or anger at finding , after an absence of nine months , that you had been <unk> six . is very good . a source of lasting remorse to him , the shadow that haunted him by day and night . gave the first billet to my	70.53938293457031
lackey instead of to the count ’ s ; that it is i who have opened the others which ought to have been opened by de wardes . he , “ i made a vow , to our lady of the grotto not to cut my hair or beard for ten years if i were saved in a moment of danger ; but today the vow expires . ” few words how d ’ artagnan had been led to choose that place of residence . as strange and unaccountable as his for me . noirtier , and it was he who had just sent for morrel , with the request that the latter would lose no time in coming to him—a command which morrel obeyed to the letter	68.240234375
, to the great discomfiture of barrois . ? ” asked monte cristo . make their appearance in the ante-chamber , where about a dozen noblemen were collected in waiting . . took for casks of port wine are filled with powder . ” said aramis to juxon . would be laughed at , and a master <unk> must never be laughed at . ” ” replied d ’ artagnan . and directed it towards the yacht . expressed a multitude of tumultuous thoughts . a rope-ladder and tools . ” me to do ? ” ! ’ exclaimed the young girl enthusiastically . for his passengers ; hardly had they put foot on deck ere her head was turned towards <unk> , where they were to disembark	59.422725677490234
. better , ” said caderousse , his eyes sparkling with avarice . the man who had called out in such a furious manner , “ put in your head ! ” but this was not the time for recrimination , so he assumed his most agreeable manner and said with a gracious smile : ” replied the landlord , “ you shall be served immediately ; but as for the <unk> ” said the englishman . poor vulture , which has been very much indisposed since that dinner , suddenly feels very giddy while flying aloft in the clouds , and falls heavily into a fish-pond . resumed his search . the exception of cloth drawers at the left side of which hung a large knife in	58.20756912231445
a sheath , and he bore on his right shoulder a heavy iron <unk> . ” she <unk> , “ no , you can not wish that ! ” a father or a lover , the first glance would have sufficed to reveal valentine ’ s condition ; but to this <unk> , valentine only appeared to sleep . velvet fell in graceful folds from his shoulders , <unk> in front the splendid baldric , from which was suspended a gigantic rapier . . , then . ” the opposite character of the equality <unk> by these two men ; one is the equality that elevates , the other is the equality that <unk> ; one brings a king within reach of the guillotine , the other elevates	69.46137237548828
the people to a level with the throne . ! named , madame , ” he said , “ i have within the last few months contracted the bad habit of thinking of my own , and then i can not help drawing up an egotistical parallel in my mind . final effort , in which he summoned all his faculties , he said , — “ monte cristo , forget not monte cristo ! ” and he fell back on the bed . it because you were four times guilty ? now for the honor of france ! ” and the two englishmen who were nearest to them fell , mortally wounded . let us hasten up ; it was in valentine ’ s room . ”	50.85954666137695
i am expected . ” long enough , my lord , for it to be welcome to you now . ” a case one <unk> ” well as the rest , received his share of the benediction and made the sign of the cross ; but when bazin passed in his turn , with his eyes raised to heaven and walking , in all humility , the very last , d ’ artagnan pulled him by the hem of his robe . it was to agitate that ocean of human waves , how many were received with a look of indifference or a sneer of disdain ! ” cried porthos to his opponent ; “ i ’ ve still two pistols charged . ” , perform , distribute	55.282657623291016
or redistribute this electronic work , or any part of this electronic work , without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.e.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the project gutenberg™ license . we are in cases of conscience , and , very prudently , have no <unk> is the point . ” the buttons of his doublet , took it off and deposited it by the side of his hat . , admired the breviary , laid hands on the furniture , and were greatly astonished that spada , the rich man , was really the most miserable of <unk> <unk> they were those of science , contained in the library and <unk> . said andrea carelessly , apparently forgetting	51.97357177734375
him whom he but too well recollected . , but they were <unk> to the wood , and it would have required a <unk> to take them off . time , he was fifty paces from where he had first sunk . six o ’ clock in the morning for his lackey , and wherever he might be , he was right . another man , also <unk> as a cavalier , was talking to a scotch sentinel , and , though a foreigner , he seemed to understand without much difficulty the answers given in the broad <unk> dialect . were still living , there would be nothing to fear , maximilian , for i would tell her that i loved you , and she would protect	54.225196838378906
us . ” to make my child happy ; i wish to read in his eyes whether he intends to obey me ; —in fact , i will know him—i will ! ” continued the old lady , with a fearful expression , “ that i may rise from the depths of my grave to find him , if he should not fulfil his duty ! ” , to destroy this last <unk> of <unk> dangerous <unk> with which the <unk> of civil revolt and foreign war were constantly mingling . he , addressing planchet , “ you have eight days to get an interview with lord de winter ; you have eight days to <unk> all sixteen days . champs-élysées there resides a very rich gentleman .	70.09564971923828
” any extreme circumstance it might not only extricate us from some great embarrassment , but even a great danger . danglars , “ will you take a million ? ” , my dear athos ! ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and that comes very ill from you , who have never loved . ” startled by a noise as if a tumult were approaching . hands of athos which he still held clasped in both his own , and hastened to her . said athos , with a <unk> burst of laughter , “ guess what she had on her shoulder . ” so ! father , that if now i should ask for a company the queen would give it to me ? ”	42.45967102050781
this diamond again , ’ replied the jeweller ; ‘ the first time you are often mistaken as to the value of a stone . ’ ” demanded d ’ artagnan . blois again ; it is but natural . ” ” said mordaunt , “ i have some questions and a favor to ask you , sir . ” to be apprehended on the road i am going , i would request you to accompany me ; but as there is none , remain where you are , finish your bottles , your game , and your letter . , placid glimmer on the purple ocean , when at the distance of a musket shot from them was seen a dark gray mass , above which gleamed	47.435604095458984
a <unk> sail ; then masters and servants joined in a fervent cry to the crew of that vessel to hear them and to save . , and prepare my pills myself . ” ” friend , thank you ; unfortunately , i have just breakfasted . ” door , and open it yourself . ” until he had not only seen andrea go down the three stories , but also cross the court . , ” said dantès , frowning in his turn ; “ i did not perceive that there were three of us. ” then , turning to mercédès , he inquired , “ who is this gentleman ? ” trademark license , especially commercial redistribution . andrea , “ my father ’ s old	53.34539031982422
servant . , two hundred <unk> hundred pistoles for you and a hundred pistoles for me . albert he is not in the army , ” said morrel . chapter 77 . interview between madame danglars and the procureur , a <unk> entered the rue du helder , passed through the gateway of no . ” asked the young man . different , ” cried the abbé ; “ and we shall understand each other , i hope . ” , breathed a sigh , and addressing the queen : and may god aid you ! ” favorable beginning . d ’ artagnan , who thought that it was now a convenient time to begin his interrogations , “ dost thou know where athos is ? ” to	32.17536163330078
walk on through the rue notre dame . to be there , ” replied the young man , rising . feel uneasy , examined the tapestry with his eyes , touched the coat of mail which he wore under his long gown and felt from time to time to see if the handle of a good spanish dagger , which was hidden under his cloak , was well within reach . the young man , with a <unk> of manner , “ make your mind easy on this score . —you may entirely confide in the brave lad who will give you this note ; he has consented to enter the service of your keeper and to shut himself up at vincennes with you , in order to	48.80596160888672
prepare and assist your escape , which we are contriving . disconcerted . engagement , of this love , yet i , her father , forgive you , for i see that your grief is real and deep ; and besides my own sorrow is too great for anger to find a place in my heart . a man of his disposition never kills himself , for he constantly hopes . porthos , his eyes glistening at the news . ? ” by an hour and a half . it me himself . ” of his eminence , and said that he should not have failed to enter into the guards of the cardinal instead of the king ’ s guards if he had happened to know m.	61.02498245239258
de cavois instead of m. de tréville . to honor our worthy aldermen , you should appear in ceremonial costume , and above all , ornamented with the diamond studs which i gave you on your birthday . , my mission is terminated , now thou canst neither afford me pain nor pleasure . whom his mother and sister called to their aid to sustain them under the serious trial which they felt they would soon have to endure . moment i could not believe that it was to me your first two letters were addressed , so unworthy did i feel myself of such an honor ; besides , i was so seriously indisposed that i could not in any case have replied to them . his	105.35667419433594
eyes fixed on a black line which bordered the banks of the tyne and seemed to extend double the length of the camp . to meet again . , he whose past life was so short , whose present so melancholy , and his future so doubtful . full project gutenberg license please read this before you distribute or use this work , it is because we generally judge under the influence of excitement . terrible , perhaps mortal illness ; i can feel that the paroxysm is fast approaching . particular night the minister ’ s box was placed at the disposal of lucien debray , who offered it to the comte de morcerf , who again , upon his rejection of it by mercédès , sent	84.31793975830078
it to danglars , with an intimation that he should probably do himself the honor of joining the baroness and her daughter during the evening , in the event of their accepting the box in question . , you shall not commit suicide . ” us ? ” asked milady . offer ? ” said the host . two hundred of them , and each of them will need two , which will make four hundred . ” <unk> he still alive ? ” said , “ break your sword . ” my friend , i find one thing very evident in all this , you distrust me . ” , he had three colleagues , three brave men , men such as you were wishing for just	49.48320388793945
now . ” athos . get drunk again , d ’ artagnan ; it is too bad a habit . ” between the point of the jetty , surmounted by a beacon just lighted , and a rock which <unk> out . his finger toward heaven . in the meantime ? ” , it was you who said , “ you were free , you had a beloved father , you were destined to be almost a queen . to say , “ <unk> ” he resumed : — right , _pardieu ! _ ” and punishment by making a frightful example . the young man , bowing ; “ i can refuse nothing asked of me thus . word of what i ’ m going to say	44.4912223815918
to you , porthos . , pale , and threatening countenance of fernand , as it was defined in the shadow . passed by <unk> in one rapid and instructive course . time . ” replied the count in the most frigid tones ; “ ali has many faults mixed with most excellent qualities . at home . . . ” curiously examining the glass , which she felt certain of having emptied during the night . , and that was all ; while the august spouse of your majesty is anne of austria , queen of <unk> is to say , one of the greatest princesses in the world . ” monsieur the principal has proposed to me the following subject , which has not yet been	56.029266357421875
treated upon , and in which i perceive there is matter for magnificent <unk> ‘ <unk> <unk> in <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> est_ . ’ ” to-night ? ” asked aramis , glancing toward the west , where the sun had left a single golden cloud , which , dipping into the ocean , appeared by degrees to be extinguished . may be sent in something else . ” the baroness ; “ you could not have entertained any alarm on the subject , because you are perfectly well aware that i have had for a month in my service the very best coachman in paris . m. de tréville ; it was important that he should be informed of what was passing . , <unk> , and	48.9744987487793
<unk> , publicly assassinated everybody whom they suspected of bonapartism . this congestion of embarkation and landed in their turn . doing . , ” he said with a smile ; “ we leave paris tomorrow . ” fulfilled the mission confided to them by queen henrietta and we have betrayed that confided to us by mazarin ; because , going hence as emissaries to cromwell , we became partisans of king charles ; because , instead of helping cut off the royal head condemned by those fellows called mazarin , cromwell , <unk> , bridge , fairfax , etc. , we very nearly succeeded in saving it . ” he lifted the gourd to his mouth ; then paused with hand in <unk> . always travelling .	149.6681365966797
” the corner of the rue de la <unk> ; she had returned to the catalans , and had despairingly cast herself on her couch . the emerald made them naturally incline to the former belief . to say ? ’ inquired the young man who was in command in the chief ’ s absence . faith in life ; it is the privilege of youth to believe and hope , but old men see death more clearly . certainly , but i know how much you care for his ill-humor . him , and who , with the same precautions and the same good luck , conducted him out of the louvre . me what signify this leave of absence and this letter , which i have	47.0638427734375
just received ? ” said the astonished athos . monsieur de chavigny had started on a journey that morning and in his absence la ramee was <unk> of the chateau . are right , ” said athos . , and moreover came from a man who knew the king too well , to allow the four young men to dispute it . said aramis , “ imagined that i had given almost my last sou to the church of montdidier and the jesuits of amiens , with whom i had made engagements which i ought to have kept . the man who followed danglars ordered him to do the same . into those wide-open eyes which had seemed to be penetrating the mysteries of death ; no longer	56.497283935546875
could he clasp the hand which had done so much to make his existence blessed . who have so much influence over your grandpapa , try to make him <unk> . ” ’ s eyes while he was speaking to us ? ” enter . of france . ” so shamefully assassinated in 1815 ? ” the cardinal , “ arose not only from a feeling of natural <unk> , but likewise from a plan i have marked out with respect to you . ” the courtier , laughing , in order that he might seem to comprehend the quotation , “ your majesty may be perfectly right in relying on the good feeling of france , but i fear i am not altogether wrong in dreading some	67.38008880615234
desperate attempt . ” confession is , i am . ” said danglars . and death , ” as the ancient poet says , “ reigned as over a field of battle . ” or three hours as furiously as the cavaliers on the wall . by my marriage , you have forwarded that . ” mass . to the first . ’ artagnan not only as her husband , but as her god , he was so handsome and had so fierce a mustache . valentine , “ he has not even breakfasted . that you mean your attack ? ” that they regarded the cardinal ’ s death as a deliverance ; and i , even i , opposed the designs of the great man who	46.48712921142578
held the destinies of france within the hollow of his hand . friend , ” returned the abbé , in a tone that indicated utter indifference on his part , “ you are at liberty , either to speak or be silent , just as you please ; for my own part , i respect your scruples and admire your sentiments ; so let the matter end . chance of saving your majesty has just been proposed by monsieur d ’ herblay . the countess , “ who is out in the streets of rome at this hour , unless it be to go to a ball ? ” an effort . ” said porthos , trying to give to his mustache a curl which it had lost	47.1248779296875
whilst he had been alone . business had called him to civita vecchia . without trouble convert these <unk> into a <unk> and yonder <unk> into a <unk> ? ” loved , we hated together ; we shed , we mingled our blood together , and too probably , i may still add , that there may be yet a bond between us closer even than that of friendship ; perhaps there may be the bond of crime ; for we four , we once did condemn , judge and <unk> a human being whom we had not any right to cut off from this world , although apparently <unk> for hell than for this life . asked grimaud . i desire , i shall owe it to	158.8058319091797
m. morrel . is not already returned ? me . clamps of my bedstead ; and this very tool has sufficed me to hollow out the road by which i came hither , a distance of about fifty feet . ” the next night passed away without my seeing him again . s turn to take a sly look . income is 500,000 francs . ” porthos were engaged in conducting the cardinal to saint germain , athos and aramis returned to paris . hundred thousand francs , and that would teach her prudence . ” drew aside the curtain , and leaning over the pillow gazed intently on valentine . them , then ? ” editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns	52.72104263305664
a united states copyright in these works , so the foundation ( and you ! ) the story has a conclusion . ” room , <unk> so many guilty creatures have departed , trembling and ashamed , when i look at that chair before which i now sit trembling and ashamed , —oh , it requires all my reason to convince me that i am not a very guilty woman and you a menacing judge . ” brother ! ” she cried . by gloomy <unk> , <unk> waking dreams of grief , —the first rays of morning pierced his windows , and shone upon the pale blue paper on which he had just inscribed his justification of providence . ease made andrea feel that he was ,	115.36568450927734
for the moment , restrained by a more muscular hand than his own , and that the restraint could not be easily broken through . stood there , stupefied , bewildered , stunned ; his haggard eyes glanced around , as if in search of the traces of some terrible event , and with his clenched hands he seemed striving to shut out horrible recollections . happened . ” he , “ the future can not fail to <unk> ; i inevitably look for better times . been here ? ” difficulty which i wished to represent to you , my dear count . hand , and called me his friend . service ? ” a giant . artagnan ’ s praises had greatly pleased , welcomed him	70.72338104248047
with a gracious smile . though , ” replied the sailor ; “ you looked more like a brigand than an honest man , with your beard six inches , and your hair a foot long . ” a little sleep , for you are saved . ” transmitted this answer , the sentinel gave an order to one of the men seated round the fire , who rose and disappeared among the rocks . rueil ? ” he , “ i intend going this evening to normandy , instead of tomorrow or the next day . of his wish to quit the sea , and obtained a recommendation from him to a spanish merchant , into whose service he entered at the end of march , that	61.7887077331543
is , ten or twelve days after napoleon ’ s return . shadow in the gloom ; she supported herself with one hand upon the arm of the chair , and advanced her head as if to meet a certainty . acquaintances ; and from time to time you can call upon me , just to tell me how you are getting on , and to say whether i can be of further service to you . ” arrived last night in a post-chaise with his sister , and who asked for an apartment with two beds . ” what design m. de monte cristo purchased a house at auteuil ? ” mordaunt , “ i could compel you ; i command here . ” of your late	45.723899841308594
conversations with him , you said that i appeared to be forgetful and irresolute concerning this marriage , did you not ? ” that but to the <unk> should read to the bottom of my soul ! ” a <unk> ; the knife was bent against it . but i like mine as well . ” idea what became of them ? ’ — ‘ yes , sir ; i heard they had fallen victims to their sorrow , and , perhaps , to their poverty . sir , ” said danglars to fernand , “ here is a marriage which does not appear to make everybody happy . ” ! ” said felton ; “ what is she doing , then ? ” . reduce this rebellious	44.43894577026367
city to ashes . day on board before he had a very clear idea of the men with whom his lot had been cast . , ” said the count to bertuccio . you , when you were fulfilling your character as a royalist , and cut off the head of one of my party , ‘ my son , you have committed a murder ? ’ no , i said , ‘ very well , sir , you have gained the victory ; tomorrow , perchance , it will be our turn . ’ ” porthos . of it ? ” inquired mercédès eagerly . , of which the first act only is played . ” foundation ( “ the foundation ” or pglaf ) , owns	35.268062591552734
a compilation copyright in the collection of project gutenberg™ electronic works . his description : ‘ benedetto , condemned , at the age of sixteen , for five years to the galleys for <unk> ’ he promised well , as you <unk> a <unk> , then an assassin . ” i have gone without my dinner for ten years , and it is generally my best meal . ” consolation at the contemplation of the yawning abyss , at the bottom of which lie darkness and obscurity . monsieur ; i know her very well . ” the convent of the <unk> of <unk> . i have forgotten , or rather , never knew well , ‘ the thunderbolt never falls on the valleys , ’ and i	49.59288787841797
am a valley , dear rochefort , —one of the <unk> of the low . ” your majesty personally ? ” inquired aramis . was as easy to see through him as through a crystal . was in that cellar one of those famished <unk> gigantic heroes of popular legends , into whose cavern nobody could force their way with impunity . him ? ” them , when i most thought it would be <unk> . possible , i must be on the road in a quarter of an hour . ” . ” uses ! ” to open this casket ? ” asked the notary . ” he said . eyes , and made a gesture of satisfaction . me ; i am dying with curiosity and	38.10297775268555
uneasiness ! ” that is , at nine o ’ clock in the morning , albert de morcerf , dressed in a black coat buttoned up to his chin , might have been seen walking with a quick and agitated step in the direction of monte cristo ’ s house in the champs-élysées . fixed in the direction of the sound with the <unk> of a bird of prey . not merely the best <unk> of the law , but the most crafty <unk> of the <unk> of his profession , a steel <unk> to search hearts , a <unk> to try the gold which in each soul is mingled with more or less of <unk> ? ” with one of his sinister smiles , “ an order	44.31047821044922
for unlimited credit calls for something like caution on the part of the banker to whom that order is given . like ? ” of escape of the duc de beaufort . but why all these precautions ? ” speak of , ” said villefort abruptly , “ is a great criminal , and i can do nothing for him , <unk> ” mercédès burst into tears , and , as villefort strove to pass her , again addressed him . after having double-locked the door . , and so long at least as i receive my income , you shall be paid yours . ” twenty-two or twenty-three years old , but who appeared much older from <unk> exercises . ” replied the jailer , “ never	54.28748321533203
; on the contrary , he sometimes amused me very much by telling me stories . hair , <unk> all attempts to train or curl it , fell over his projecting forehead , and hung down to his shoulders , giving increased <unk> to eyes already sparkling with a youthful love of mischief and fondness for every forbidden enjoyment . that , notwithstanding their names ’ ending in <unk> and _is_ , the heroes of the story which we are about to have the honor to relate to our readers have nothing <unk> about them . more interest in you than she is willing to confess wishes to know on what day it will suit you to walk in the forest ? the young man , “ will	107.97791290283203
you be so good as to tell me if it be true that cardinal mazarin is no longer minister ? ” decision and action that characterized his enemies and resolved to act with reference to that . ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . matter of royal etiquette this evening , but of the king ’ s safety . doubt , with a superstitious idea ; she conceived that heaven denied its aid , and she remained in the attitude in which she had fallen , her head drooping and her hands clasped . to wear a hat of a form which does not become me , ” said gondy , “ i wish at least that the hat should be red . ” , ” said athos	46.19684600830078
, “ i perceive you know me . ” point , do you understand ? ” rueil , ” said athos . up into my room . ” in love . friend , ” said madame danglars , trying to smile ; “ it is over now , and i am much better . ” villefort let her son slip from her knees , valentine rose , pale and dumb as a statue . , ” added château-renaud , “ your count of monte cristo is a very fine fellow , always excepting his little arrangements with the italian banditti . ” mordaunt . , then , so much confidence in your servant that you can intrust him with a secret you will not allow me to know	29.424274444580078
? ” is your opinion ? ” asked aramis . predicted that you would escape . ” as is the custom in prisons , but it looked quite brilliant to a prisoner , though a stove , a bed , a chair , and a table formed the whole of its sumptuous furniture . the four corners , is to be the signal . ” the same position , as if fixed there , his eyes swollen with weeping . three-quarters of the length of the wall when the cord broke . ” was marked with half a baron ’ s crown , and the letter h . ” was of iron ; dantès would have given ten years of his life in exchange for it . .	48.72184371948242
cristo ? ” cried morrel , throwing away his cigar and hastening to the carriage ; “ i should think we would see him . peace and happiness , ” whispered julie to monte cristo . augment , the latter to remedy . ” subject , and monte cristo himself fell into a silent reverie . more <unk> horse , phoebus or <unk> ; we are going with some ceremony . ” . ” cabbage with arsenic , he had watered it this time with a solution of salts , having their <unk> in strychnine , <unk> <unk> , as the learned term it . if he had cavalcanti ’ s fortune , that might be pardoned . it sympathy of heart ? ” you are married ?	63.862178802490234
” cavaliers appear to you to be ? ” athos . your iniquities ; my lord , you have abused the royal power , which you have almost <unk> ; my lord , you are held in horror by god and men . ’ artagnan ? ” he added , looking steadfastly at the queen . know it ? ” asked milady , seizing both his hands , and endeavoring to read with her eyes to the bottom of his heart . unpleasant thing to have to report to those who were waiting . mean to make a fronde , as they call it , ” said guitant . s a bench here . give you a proof , ” replied the count , and he rang the	34.749629974365234
bell . o ’ clock . on my word you shall pay for this ! ” safe for a few days at least . or for the princes ? ” said athos , <unk> . heard in the room but a succession of sobs , while the <unk> from their grateful hearts mounted to heaven . hand , on which he has a large wound ; if you forgot his features , you would know him by that hand , into which fell , one by one , the gold pieces of the merchant el-kobbir ! ” i know him ! d ’ artagnan returned with the two thousand livres , and without having met with any accident . , i will <unk> . ” recipe to planchet	44.048221588134766
. pen and wrote : in the guards and not in the <unk> ” , all is not over yet ? ” said albert , <unk> . gaetano had related this previous to proposing the expedition , franz would have hesitated , but now that they had started , he thought it would be cowardly to draw back . fear the scaffold , madame , ” said the magistrate ; “ i will not dishonor you , since that would be dishonor to myself ; no , if you have heard me distinctly , you will understand that you are not to die on the scaffold . ” brave and <unk> as any man in the world , but you do not belong to me alone ; you	40.14469528198242
belong to all our party . wounded in his self-love could let fall in the shape of imprecations and reproaches upon the head of a woman porthos let fall upon the bowed head of the procurator ’ s wife . it . valentine ; “ besides , it will not be for long . ” with hatred as he thought of the three men who had caused him so long and wretched a captivity . ” said albert , as he made his parting bow . . ” dear monsieur , ” said the mercer to himself . d ’ artagnan , that three days running they have brought us <unk> mutton ? ” enough to be of use against four swords and daggers . ” a member	43.882667541503906
of the academy of sciences for this ? ” ” repeated porthos . . composed this group , one was a man and the other a woman . indeed , ” cried he . i will tell you why . followed the queen . changed ; another valet was engaged for himself , a new servant for noirtier , two women had entered madame de villefort ’ s service , —in fact , everywhere , to the concierge and <unk> , new faces were presented to the different masters of the house , thus <unk> the division which had always existed between the members of the same family . said to porthos in a low tone : ! ” thought d ’ artagnan . , ” returned beauchamp	42.783931732177734
. , i was at the church of saint-philippe-du-roule , and for two hours i prayed most fervently . pistoles . by this opening she might still by some diabolical means corrupt her guards . maintain , ” said the cardinal , “ that the duke of buckingham came to paris for a project wholly political . ” can be she , ” said he . so . ” villefort , ” murmured the count , “ this scene must often have haunted thy sleepless hours ! ” promised visit to get some light on his present situation . see whether they are quite dead , or if they can still be helped , ” suggested raoul . , leaving in his an object which he perceived to	75.19624328613281
be a ring . murmured he , “ i have often felt regret for the victim , but never the very slightest remorse for the assassin . ” charge of the money , i of the <unk> ; so that if one of us had the misfortune to lose her treasure , the other would still have hers left . winter accompanied the supper . far from looking for us among the puritans ; therefore , with the puritans we must go . ” for me , ” said d ’ artagnan . said d ’ artagnan . , ” said athos , “ but it matters not ; since you know the solution of it i ask no further . to see this ball . let us	38.65729904174805
fly ! ” repeated mme . another case ; i should be turned off , and lose my pension . ” franz , “ he is still more mysterious , since the two accounts do not agree . ” , ” answered athos . them . ” comrades . ” yes , but in <unk> ” be touched . murmured coquenard , and he tried to smile . and i answered him , to bring or send me that order and i would sign it . ” , ” said the messenger , with a smile . . ” of that young lady . , ” said athos , in english ; “ so cheer up , and tell us , if you have the strength to do	33.78891372680664
so , what has happened ? ” continued the young man , “ smuggler or not , you must agree , mother dear , as you have seen him , that the count of monte cristo is a remarkable man , who will have the greatest success in the salons of paris . whose confessor i am , ’ replied he , ‘ and who entertains a high regard for me , applied to me a short time since to procure him a confidential servant . money ? understand it—you will only lose your time . ” her , then , if you have her no longer ? ” ’ artagnan , for he became deadly pale ; doubtless the musketeer knew him , for his hair stood	40.647369384765625
up on his head . saint peter ’ s ? ” asked the _cicerone_ . , for this voice responded to a secret voice of his soul , which told him that great misfortunes awaited him . this project ? ” had ended : what i feared ! ” said morrel . , if you promise me still to hope ; and if you grant me the care of your future prospects , you will redouble my strength . <unk> to be made a baron ? ” friend . ” this daring act with so much indifference wore the <unk> costume . i could , my lord . ” said the concierge , “ was , it appears , some time ago occupied by a very dangerous prisoner	47.692230224609375
, the more so since he was full of industry . breathing , panting , with a cold sweat upon her brow , and her heart oppressed by frightful agony at every movement she heard in the corridor . . the queen of england ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan . made up your mind to this journey ? ” world , and god will doubtless reward them in heaven for their resignation on earth , but those who mean to contend must not lose one precious moment , but must return immediately the blow which fortune strikes . an eternal friend of madame de villefort . ” word , for i must give poor lucien a respite . father , who brought his daughter ’ s ransom	64.977294921875
in person . be guilty , ’ said he , ‘ and did really put in to the island of elba ; if he is really charged with a letter for the bonapartist committee at paris , and if they find this letter upon him , those who have supported him will pass for his <unk> ’ i confess i had my fears , in the state in which politics then were , and i held my tongue . thou knowest whether i am guilty ! a breakfast this morning , and here i am . understand by what we said ? ” place i will remember everything . asked the young girl . ” said madame danglars , “ i am ashamed to own it , but	50.76020050048828
all your frightful stories have so upset me , that i must beg you to let me sit down ; ” and she fell into a chair . it was the devil who gave way , or the monks who grew tired ; but within three months the penitent reappeared in the world with the reputation of being the most terrible <unk> that ever existed . ” cried the lieutenant , “ if you say a word i will blow out your brains . ” brought into play profitably the recollections of the regiment of piedmont . d ’ artagnan did not return home till five o ’ clock in the morning . indulgent to you in your dying moments than you found the abbé busoni , send	49.677490234375
for me , if i am still on earth , and i will soothe your ears with words that shall effectually calm and soothe your parting soul ere it goes forth to traverse the ocean called eternity . ” majesty be uneasy , we will find means . ” in gloomy hesitation . disturbed at this visit , recovered himself when he saw the calmness of the baroness , and took up a book marked by a mother-of-pearl knife inlaid with gold . a visit this evening , ” replied he . , general <unk> and the archduke . ” ” replied the count , “ not more than another . waiting for you . ” presented himself to the abbess as a messenger from the cardinal .	67.4121322631836
” or three hundred paces of the grotto , he thought he heard a cry . his bed , resting on his elbow . first place a forgery ; it was likewise an <unk> . chapter <unk> . informed of this by his eminence , packed his portmanteau ; and as without knowing the cause he knew the great desire and even imperative need which his friends had of returning to paris , it goes without saying that he fixed upon them to form part of the escort . my carriage . ” this order given ? ” asked the king . of the <unk> like a whale spouting , the vessel gives a last groan , <unk> round and round , and disappears , forming a vast	60.86079406738281
<unk> in the ocean , and then all is over , so that in five minutes nothing but the eye of god can see the vessel where she lies at the bottom of the sea . house at <unk> house is the one where i have committed an assassination ; you descend to the garden by the same staircase by which he descended ; you stop at the spot where he received the blow ; and two paces farther is the grave in which he had just buried his child . to him ; grimaud answered in four . business . ” athos , d ’ artagnan stood on the threshold . a quarter of an hour vampa quitted the grotto ; his costume was no less elegant	56.31205368041992
than that of teresa . with surprise . the field . artagnan , quite amazed at the resources with which his companion ’ s gascon <unk> continually supplied him . me . hearing ? ’ artagnan ; “ <unk> horse has the staggers . ” . athos ; “ you are the king of poets , my dear aramis . circumstance to <unk> the women . his escort disappeared in their turn , a new traveler stopped on the threshold of the inn . fog in that detestable country , at least so d ’ artagnan declares . ” ! ” was but twenty years old , and consequently had not yet forgotten his <unk> habits . island belong ? ” him , not of his party ,	43.265586853027344
his resources . ” grumbling , took his sword , hat , pistols , and cloak , and followed the officer , whilst porthos , alone and sole possessor of the bed , endeavored to follow the good example of falling asleep , which his predecessor had set him . ; do not boast of what you have come to paris to do , or have done ; return with all speed ; enter marseilles at night , and your house by the <unk> , and there remain , quiet , submissive , secret , and , above all , inoffensive ; for this time , i swear to you , we shall act like powerful men who know their enemies . , albert , and i am	60.68819046020508
in your confidence , no human power can force me to a duel which your own conscience would reproach you with as criminal , but i come to offer you what you can no longer demand of me . i saw our laborers , which did not at all suit two such delicate stomachs as ours , i had recourse to a little of my old trade . not live if she is not better . ” the pretty _soubrette_ , who brushed gently against him as she passed , and then , blushing to the eyes , asked his pardon for having touched him in a voice so sweet that the pardon was granted instantly . returned with comminges , who was on guard . towards the	80.62318420410156
boy , on whom he gazed without any apparent emotion ; but the <unk> working of the nostrils showed to the practiced eye of monte cristo that the arab had been wounded to the heart . said the curate ; “ we leave you in an excellent tone of mind . ” sapphire . ” ” said he , “ conduct me where you will . ” your good and eternal remembrance . athos . your friend , and since you are engaged in my affairs i ought to occupy myself in yours . ” another thing , ” said athos , “ which is , that in firing off your pistol you hold your arm too far outstretched . opened , and the head of signor pastrini	47.20237731933594
appeared . to my ancestor by king francis i . street they saw grimaud and blaisois , who were coming to find their masters . same slow step and said : , that they had insisted on my keeping the matter a secret , and begged me not to tell you anything of it . silent , solitary inn . m. debray , because i have no friends now , and i ought not to have any . ” said the young man , “ for rejoicing at happiness derived from the misery of others , but , heaven knows , i did not seek this good fortune ; it has happened , and i really can not pretend to <unk> it . he to himself , while	61.55022430419922
the lamp and the wax lights were nearly burnt out , and the servants were waiting impatiently in the anteroom ; “ what ? wall sentinels went and came with a frightened air . something ? ” added athos , coolly . said cromwell . said . d ’ artagnan gave a glance at parry , who was standing in front of the king , to show him that the news was meant for him . , ” he said , “ you are to take this dispatch to the bastile and bring back here the person it concerns . sitting down , “ sir , ” said he , “ i just now accompanied m. de morcerf , as you saw . ” charming face , and	39.990779876708984
smiled on her graciously ; but alas ! am about to do , before all paris , i ought to be supported by an illustrious name , and in the absence of the paternal hand some powerful one ought to lead me to the altar ; now , my father is not coming to paris , is he ? ” slight cry of joy ; this woman , or rather this <unk> the carriage passed with the rapidity of a <unk> mme . said . , what is it ? had reached the first of the two islands , which was , in fact , tiboulen . trembled , but certainly i smiled ; and five minutes after i left , without having heard one word that had	47.962501525878906
passed . ” seen me trifle with a friend ’ s heart and a king ’ s life ? porthos , raising himself in his bed ; “ what does she say ? ” englishman of it for him , since i only lend him my name . ” his sweetmeats , and drink his wine ; but , by jove ! so dull as not to perceive that he was one too many ; but he was not sufficiently broken into the <unk> of the gay world to know how to extricate himself gallantly from a false position , like that of a man who begins to mingle with people he is scarcely acquainted with and in a conversation that does not concern him . even ,	51.66545486450195
to the great astonishment of his friends , he had , when aramis allowed some <unk> error to escape him , replaced a <unk> in its right <unk> and a <unk> in its case . the count , springing out , “ when you are tired of being actors , and wish to become spectators of this scene , you know you have places at my windows . air , “ you are deceived , gentlemen , ” said he , “ this handkerchief is not mine , and i can not fancy why monsieur has taken it into his head to offer it to me rather than to one of you ; and as a proof of what i say , here is mine in my pocket	48.5798454284668
. ” and read the article to which albert pointed in an undertone . dear boy ? ” either to kill you , or to be killed myself without a cause . through the trees , and lighted up the face of the dead . , ” said milady , “ for no one has more respect for a promise or an oath than i have ; and if i make a promise i must keep it . ” if you ever need me you know that i am entirely devoted to you. ” thereupon aramis had given him a clasp of the hand and had disappeared under the arcades . my friends , please to observe , not myself , ” said athos , interrupting himself with	46.83099365234375
a melancholy smile , “ one of the counts of my province—that is to say , of <unk> as a <unk> or a montmorency , at twenty-five years of age fell in love with a girl of sixteen , beautiful as fancy can paint . cried andrea , who seemed roused from the torpor in which he had been plunged . whispered the count , who depended on the secret spring , which was unknown to the <unk> , clever as he might <unk> “ try again , you have a few minutes ’ work there . ” and the carriage proceeded . has touched you , as that gentleman said just now . ” a prison , for i tried in vain to get out of it	50.99559783935547
. it was the poor servant ’ s life was coveted ? granddaughter , ” continued the notary , “ because she has contracted an engagement contrary to your wishes ? ” cried she , “ two thousand livres ! and as , in all these evolutions , he did not let fall the lantern , the light showed his pale and altered countenance . broke , and after an hour of useless toil , dantès paused with anguish on his brow . for paris . , ” said athos ; “ the duchess permits you to kiss her hand . ” there lived a <unk> powerful <unk> reigned over one of the greatest kingdoms of the universe ; and a minister ; and this minister wished much	69.07275390625
to injure the queen , whom once he had loved too well . what is this condition ? ” to hear this witness ? ’ — ‘ yes , yes , ’ they all said at once . . to witness this old man , apparently a mere useless burden , becoming the sole protector , support , and adviser of the lovers who were both young , beautiful , and strong . majesty can make all this <unk> about a letter written to my brother . ” empty ? ” asked porthos , with simplicity . his turn , sprang to the ground , and just at the moment when the coachman , alarmed at not seeing his master , fell back a step , he seized	63.46571350097656
him by his collar with the left , whilst with the right hand he placed the muzzle of a pistol at his breast . fortieth year . <unk> , villequier and d ’ <unk> , ” said the prince , “ recall all the troops that are on this side of the lys . me , i will accept it . ” me . ” monte cristo , “ impossible ! ” put it in execution that very minute . ” what have you lived on ? mistrustful , but you must pardon me , my dear count , for confessing to some degree of astonishment . ” was <unk> the king , as monsieur le comte thinks , for i know what it is to see a	39.427284240722656
man led to death , and though i ought to be accustomed to the sight it always makes me <unk> i was watching the masked executioner , the idea came to me , as i said , to find out who he was . on monte cristo and heard still more . count , in bringing me back to the place where i have enjoyed so much bliss . the husband of my duchess died ; so , my dear , the coffer of the defunct holding out its arms to me , i shall marry the widow . ? ” asked milady , with surprise . ” him if he had anything to add to the fine discourse he had just made to her . ? ”	61.833038330078125
. he had made to valentine , and kept his secret . d ’ artagnan , whom reflection never abandoned , “ gentlemen , think of what you are about . , monsieur , we will duly respect your conscience . ” , he is in good hands . ” called his phantom ; it was his stranger of meung , of the rue des fossoyeurs and of arras . seized upon all those follies in which i took no part , as you well know , my lord . sire . ” ” murmured mazarin . that , and i have told him a hundred times that he was wrong . it is the doctor ? ” asked valentine , astonished . no , i tell you	40.10037612915039
; one day , if i allow you to live , you will perhaps kill him , as you have the others ! ” the island trembled to its base , and that it would , like a vessel at anchor , break <unk> , and bear him off into the centre of the storm . fourreau , whose teeth chattered with terror , “ i wanted to get him out of the way that i might drink myself . ” exhausted her strength , she fell , not asleep this time , but fainting on the floor . in a fortnight or three weeks ’ time , that is to say , as fast as i can get there ! ” how the relationship between aramis and	52.15142059326172
a seamstress who called the queen her sister amused the young men ; but aramis , after having blushed two or three times up to the whites of his eyes at the gross pleasantry of porthos , begged his friends not to revert to the subject again , declaring that if a single word more was said to him about it , he would never again implore his cousins to interfere in such affairs . my lord , ” replied d ’ artagnan , resuming his serious manner . tears on my face , and his were not the only tears shed , for many who witnessed our meeting wept also . ” ” said the old man , “ be comforted , my poor child ; there	77.19811248779297
is still hope ! ” that ’ s all . began digging and enlarging the hole ; still i found nothing , nothing—the chest was no longer there ! ” la fere ? ” asked the king . was formidable still in spite of his recent reverses ; and it was necessary , therefore , to have recourse to some profitable scheme , which was a matter of great difficulty in the impoverished condition of exhausted italy . remained bewildered with what he had seen , having been forbidden by d ’ artagnan to leave the room until the tumult was over . thought , but the subject of their reflections was not the same . that ’ s my business . ” of <unk> , all the	52.94477844238281
<unk> of the garden had disappeared , the trees were nothing more than <unk> with their long bony arms , and the dead leaves sounded on the gravel under my feet . to comply with a good grace , so he took the pen , ink , and paper peppino offered him , wrote the draft , and signed it . ” said a mournful voice , whilst a sort of shadow arose out of the side of the road . can not permit you to go . ” the cardinal people fired better than that , do you remember the road to crevecoeur , mousqueton ? ” ” t be alarmed , although it is to a lady that i am going to present you , and	47.070350646972656
i am anxious that you should love <unk> ” vallon , is of a very melancholy disposition , so much so , that one can scarcely get three words out of him all day . said he ; “ he will never guess what all this means . of herself , but when she looked at the agitated countenance of the young man , she understood by his silence and trembling voice that something strange was passing within him . madame , ” said the stranger , “ and let us continue our way . ” around , and he burst into a loud laugh . ” ! , certainly ; but then , you know , paleness is always looked upon as a strong proof of aristocratic	33.709495544433594
descent and distinguished breeding . ” “ shut up ! ” from the audience . cried morcerf ; “ _parbleu ! _ do you think i can not be saved as well as anyone else , and that there are only arabs who cut off heads ? , sword in hand , through all the neighboring streets , but had found nobody resembling the man he sought for . was instantly directed towards the priest ’ s garments , as though hoping to discover the <unk> of the treasure . at the hôtel de <unk> , at brussels . know about the state you talk of ? ” said mme . gentlemen ? ” made a breach by her false virtue in the opinion of a man horribly	66.59918212890625
prejudiced against her , and by her beauty in the heart of a man hitherto chaste and pure . to discover duprez at naples , and the first to applaud him . for <unk> always ready to threaten everyone who would pass without crushing them under foot . , i take you for what you are , that is to say , the coadjutor ; i recognized you at the first glance . ” subject ; the abbé shook his head in token of <unk> , and refused to make any further response . was busily occupied throwing bouquets at a carriage full of roman peasants that was passing near him . please , and , besides , you must <unk> something to <unk> minds . subject two	75.48486328125
volumes the size of this , ” continued the jesuit ; and in his enthusiasm he struck a st. chrysostom in folio , which made the table bend beneath its weight . d ’ artagnan . ” describe mousqueton ’ s astonishment when from the threshold of the door he saw the four friends approaching , followed by a sergeant with a dozen men . ” murmured she ; “ can it be he ? ” and she remained in bed with her eyes fixed . ? ” never come . ” your turn . a moment and i know that i belong to you ; but remember that you are not to strike till i give the signal . ” arms to heaven , and convulsively struck	44.18183135986328
one hand against the other . see her ? ” he said , “ will you permit me to <unk> a few words on that subject , which will perhaps relieve you of your uncertainty ? ” how he looked in his new <unk> jacket and breeches of blue velvet , silk stockings with clocks , shoes with buckles , and a silk waistcoat . although they appeared perfectly tranquil yet it was evident that they were on the alert , and that they carefully watched the glassy surface over which they were sailing , and on which a few <unk> , with their white sails , were alone visible . ” said athos , “ planchet must receive seven hundred livres for going , and seven hundred	59.738590240478516
livres for coming back ; and bazin , three hundred livres for going , and three hundred livres for <unk> will reduce the sum to five thousand livres . follow us , ” said he , in an undertone . the path that was opened to me . that he was satisfied . wounded my father , and it was he who had given utterance to these frightful cries . the cavalier was so animated that d ’ artagnan stopped on the other side of the carriage without anyone but the pretty _soubrette_ perceiving his presence . intelligence to be repeated to him twice , and each time his companions saw his brow become darker . cried , scarcely able to believe his good <unk> “ sir ,	50.57567596435547
i can not understand your generosity ! ” distracted me ; i shall be fined . ” you ? ” cards as usual , a king for d ’ artagnan and an ace for himself . a spy would be about here ? , who made a sign to him , and he went out , closing the door after him . to repent ! by albert ’ s ring of the bell . nor a demon ; i am a daughter of earth , i am a sister of thy faith , that is all . ” ? ” , and summoning all his resolution , attacked the ground with the pickaxe . the chamber destined for him , and which , at the end of half	37.36611557006836
an hour , was transformed into a workshop . of athos , porthos , and aramis to mount guard with d ’ artagnan when he was on duty . to-night ’ s adventure i don ’ t suppose my dress would have been a very safe one . my thief , ” replied d ’ artagnan . ? , and sent parry to ask the sentinel to beg the workmen to strike more gently and not disturb the last slumber of one who had been their king . , heard the adventures of m. zaccone ’ s youth ? ” terrible secret to communicate to you , ” said the doctor . kitty presented herself at d ’ artagnan ’ s , she was no longer joyous and	44.42876434326172
alert as on the two preceding days ; but on the contrary sad as death . monsieur , ” said monte cristo . escape of being eaten . 1 to $ 5,000 ) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the irs . other , and in ten minutes , after having <unk> his friend to the cares of the hostess and bazin , d ’ artagnan was trotting along in the direction of amiens . said she , “ and when the next waiter passes , insist upon his taking something . ” the queen , “ it is requested . ” priest of vulgar mind , whose career and fortune i have ruined by my misfortune . festival of my marriage , monsieur ,	53.354305267333984
” said the young man , his voice slightly tremulous , so great was the contrast between that happy moment and the painful ceremony he was now undergoing ; so great was the contrast between the sombre aspect of m. de villefort and the radiant face of mercédès . to the bottom of his heart by this proof of courage , sprang toward him . horse , whilst planchet , with a smile on his lips , advanced toward the master of the house . to hear that the comte de la fere is well ? ” asked de comminges . taste . to the test , but without compromising anybody . i , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ it is i , whom god has	36.603824615478516
sent to watch over you . ” fronde ? ” inquired mazarin . he , “ here is monsieur d ’ artagnan ’ s answer . ” added he , quietly , “ i have not confidence in every one ; the proof of which is , that i have fixed upon you to escort me . ” de la fere , madame . porthos . who made that promise , ” cried morcerf ; “ it must have been someone else whom you have rescued in the same manner , and whom you have forgotten . . , of an elegance of which even the greatest nobles of france had not even an idea , and arrived at length in a bedchamber which was at once a	25.328777313232422
miracle of taste and of richness . o ’ clock in the morning . killed monsieur de marsillac if he had come alone to attack you , instead of at the head of twenty men ? ” it is her majesty ’ s . ” the date of the day on which i had you bidden to come to me , and seek in your memory for what happened to you that very night . ” , tell me where he is . ” the passage through which , not to disturb their sleep , the doctor and nurse pass , or even the father carrying the sleeping child ? ” such was the case . the agitation of the night was legible in his pale and careworn	47.074806213378906
visage . ! ” exclaimed a multitude of voices , “ go , and return as quickly as you can ! ” the french say , ” returned signor pastrini , somewhat piqued ; “ for that reason , i do not understand why they travel . ” ” said andrea , — “ do you want anything more ? —will you have my waistcoat or my hat ? counsel to give , it is , always lose ! ” gave an air of such extreme probability to this statement that it never once occurred to jacopo to doubt its accuracy . and had only their employers ’ leave to ask , which had been already sought and obtained . the house of monsieur de la fere ,	74.2417984008789
” said d ’ artagnan . gave orders for the horses to be made ready for departure , the two young men ascended to the upper windows of the house and saw in the direction of <unk> and of lens a large body of infantry and cavalry . replied the latter , who , with his aristocratic glance and his knowledge of the world , had penetrated at once all that was <unk> in monte cristo , “ albert has not deceived us , for the count is a most singular being . they possess ? ” are named in that letter shall be punished as they deserve , even the queen herself . ” ” cried baptistin . , also join in betraying me , monsieur cardinal	47.15850830078125
, by thus always opposing my will ? very happy in owing any obligation to you . ” what i will do ? ” . s it ! ” he cried , “ you have your promotion and i my barony . ” said d ’ artagnan to porthos . to do with you ? ” said the captain . _ ” said beauchamp , “ with the paper in your hand , my friend , i need not tell you the cause of my visit . ” week to <unk> all that . , he chose his companions from among the young men of eighteen or twenty , the worst characters in bastia , or , indeed , in corsica , and they had already , for	30.052295684814453
some <unk> <unk> , been several times threatened with a prosecution . ” said the king in his turn , excited by this sight , “ come , gentlemen , sword in hand ! ” an <unk> of dinners and <unk> . , you will be free ; you will then assume your proper position in society , for i will not allow my destiny to <unk> yours . , ” said the young man , coolly , “ you will kill yourself in jumping . ” passing at lord de winter ’ s , athos , seated near his window , his elbow on the table and his head supported on his hand , was listening intently to raoul ’ s account of the adventures he met	36.73174285888672
with on his journey and the details of the battle . orangery to the hunting lodge . which the conversation we have related took place , the count of monte cristo set out for auteuil , accompanied by ali and several attendants , and also taking with him some horses whose qualities he was desirous of ascertaining . selfishness , but of delicacy . use of mentioning that ? my lord , seek these gentlemen ; and if they will consent to go with you to england , i will give to each a duchy the day that we <unk> the throne , besides as much gold as would <unk> whitehall . maximilian . the dish of beans was still there ; the dish of beans had disappeared	92.84040069580078
. me here with a cabriolet till half-past eleven ; it is twelve , and , tired of waiting , he must have gone on . ” , ” replied planchet , producing a bundle of straw . gesture , opened her robe , tore the cambric that covered her bosom , and red with feigned anger and <unk> shame , showed the young man the ineffaceable impression which dishonored that beautiful shoulder . go as i am . midday . twenty men , or rather twenty mad devils , were fighting . ” , leave the inn after <unk> paying his bill , and reaching the forest , he would , under pretence of making studies in painting , test the hospitality of some peasants , procure	106.01412200927734
himself the dress of a <unk> and a hatchet , casting off the lion ’ s skin to assume that of the <unk> ; then , with his hands covered with dirt , his hair darkened by means of a leaden comb , his complexion <unk> with a preparation for which one of his old comrades had given him the recipe , he intended , by following the <unk> districts , to reach the nearest frontier , walking by night and sleeping in the day in the forests and quarries , and only entering inhabited regions to buy a loaf from time to time . ; and if there is a bottle of wine in the town let mousqueton buy it . have received news of franz .	70.71150970458984
” this is a scruple which naturally must occur to a pure mind like yours , but which would easily yield before sound reasoning . your domestics you are ‘ my lord , ’ the journalists style you ‘ monsieur , ’ while your <unk> call you ‘ <unk> ’ these are distinctions very suitable under a constitutional government . . , i swear to you he did . the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate . ? ” , when milady appeared to have resumed her self-possession , which she had never lost ; when felton had seen her recover with the veil of <unk> those treasures of love which were only concealed from him to make him desire them the more ardently ,	126.276123046875
he said , “ ah , now ! am i not right , m. de villefort ? ” asked monte cristo . motionless as a statue , looking towards marseilles , at other times gazing on the sea , and <unk> as to whether it were not better to cast herself into the abyss of the ocean , and thus end her woes . impulse , it was neither to her mother nor her brother that she applied , but to emmanuel . the staircase and was waiting on the last step ; so springing into the room he motioned the host to leave it . it ? ” bearing became still more imposing . s intent . while , the maternal kiss probably not offering sufficient recompense	65.54437255859375
for the trouble he must take to obtain it ; however at length he decided , leaped out of the window into a cluster of heliotropes and <unk> , and ran to his mother , his forehead streaming with perspiration . unarmed ? towards the library . at marseilles , ” replied the abbé , making a strong effort to appear indifferent ; “ but from the length of time that has elapsed since the death of the elder dantès , i was unable to obtain any particulars of his end . was to summon his landlord , who presented himself with his accustomed <unk> . discouraged . that i have not come to any decided opinion respecting him , but i think him a maltese . ”	55.18010330200195
<unk> to the power of her fine eyes , that she could not doubt their influence even over monsieur de condé ; and the <unk> of the time <unk> that her confidence was justified . . being forbidden , since consequently there is twice as much courage in fighting . coming to himself he found that he was still within four walls ; he saw la ramee twirling his <unk> ten feet from him , and his guards laughing and drinking in the ante-chamber . pass ; it was only five hundred , two hundred , one hundred steps in advance ; at length they reached it , but it was not the friend . known among the honorable corps of the king ’ s musketeers , in	64.77639770507812
which it was known he would one day take his place ; he was considered beforehand as a comrade . first who told me of the haitian funds . the banker ’ s usual punctuality , the eighty thousand francs were placed in the young man ’ s hands , as he was on the point of starting , after having left two hundred francs for caderousse . had gone out and every one was frightened . t believe me ? ” when a thing completely surpasses my comprehension , i am accustomed not to dwell on that thing , but to pass to another . has failed her , on two occasions she has found herself discovered and betrayed ; and on these two occasions it was	64.02832794189453
to one fatal genius , sent <unk> by the lord to combat her , that she has succumbed . his influence to obtain it for me ; but he also declared that he never had taken on himself the responsibility of making proposals for another , and he never would . without accident in the camp established before la rochelle , on the tenth of the month of september of the year 1627 . crimes by exaggeration . i should knock yonder and should have a good supper there , too ; whereas , ’ tis very possible that between the castle and the convent we shall sleep on hard beds , dying with hunger and thirst . ” ask what he pleases . ” home . d	106.23455047607422
’ artagnan , “ day is declining . world , of which you are one of the leaders . ” the apartments destined for the fair greek , which were so effectually concealed by means of a tapestried entrance , that it would have puzzled the most curious to have divined their existence . five hundred crowns for you , and five hundred crowns for me . ” ” was going on when he saw franz quit the cemetery with m. de villefort . inclination to play . ” i think ? ” of each other . sire , it was he ! ” surrounded by his friends he retained his youth and the poetry of his character . frightened , then ? ” asked beauchamp . and	44.67578125
valentine remained alone beside the bed , for the procureur , overcome with astonishment at the unexpected death , had followed his wife . with moral uneasiness had produced the effect so long desired . accomplished by means of unnatural strength supplied by powerful excitement . ; villefort gazed at him as if he had some difficulty in recognizing him ; then , after a brief interval , during which the honest shipowner turned his hat in his hands , ? ” cried athos , astonished . with four ? ” something fresh aboard . ” is about to stop <unk> him to the earth more than twenty years would otherwise have done . joy , to seek his comrades , whom he had left only half an	62.9623908996582
hour before , but whom he found very sad and deeply preoccupied . not avenge themselves on the traitor , the spaniards did not shoot the traitor , ali in his tomb left the traitor unpunished ; but i , betrayed , sacrificed , buried , have risen from my tomb , by the grace of god , to punish that man . he did not know had wished to take charge of it , had answered for its future , and had taken it away . ” ” and discovered a young man stretched on the ground , bathed in a pool of blood . said caderousse , “ you must make me a promise . ” till the blood almost started , to prevent the ebullition	57.915565490722656
of anger which his proud and <unk> temper scarcely allowed him to restrain ; understanding , however , that in the present state of things the laugh would decidedly be against him , he turned from the door , towards which he had been directing his steps , and again confronted the banker . or of his father ? go and see mercédès , and afterwards come to me . ” ? ” said he . a registered trademark . magnificent hotel situated on the very spot <unk> the <unk> now stands . took his hand , and kissed it . , ” replied porthos ; “ but i am used to him , and besides , he wouldn ’ t be willing to let me go without	49.670230865478516
him , he loves me so much . ” , ” whispered porthos to aramis . athos , “ who is the wretch that has dared to raise his hand against his king ? ” rochefort ? ” 2,000 piastres , that the person receiving them shall obtain a respite till next year for peppino ; and during that year , another skilfully placed 1,000 piastres will afford him the means of escaping from his prison . ” the pope who is infallible , and that this infallibility does not extend to cardinals . ” you please , for a second knife , fork , and plate , and we will dine together . ” some time previously , and had even challenged him to fight me ;	85.77318572998047
but he refused . ” banished ; like virgil ’ s wounded hero , he carried the arrow in his wound , and , arrived at the salon , villefort uttered a sigh that was almost a sob , and sank into a chair . is a <unk> , and those who love money , you know , think too much of what they risk to be easily induced to fight a duel . cried kitty , “ there is my mistress calling me ! arms for grimaud were purchased , athos had not a sou left of his hundred and fifty pistoles . to that , ” said the lieutenant , “ and i shall make for the <unk> as soon as possible . ” hangmen !	56.402992248535156
aramis , but i thought you carried your eyes higher . ” to your master directly it was made ? ” all you want , and that we understand each other , jump down from the tilbury and disappear . ” him at a bound , and said to the englishman , pointing his sword to his throat , “ i could kill you , my lord , you are completely in my hands ; but i spare your life for the sake of your sister . ” but to buy your majesty . ” <unk> ! means for making a possible settlement on account . the old man ’ s reply , ‘ i will not leave this house , for my poor dear boy loves me	43.47881317138672
better than anything in the world ; and if he gets out of prison he will come and see me the first thing , and what would he think if i did not wait here for him ? ’ i heard all this from the window , for i was anxious that mercédès should persuade the old man to accompany her , for his footsteps over my head night and day did not leave me a moment ’ s repose . ” torn to pieces , ” said d ’ artagnan , who fancied he read in it his sentence of death . me with his hand ! selim , seeing that she was about to go out ; ‘ you see i have not yet received the	50.110286712646484
ring , ’ — ‘ true , ’ said my mother . them the matter in hand . prudent to ask at once what had become of the musketeer . thus pronounced looked at the stranger with astonishment . are your arrangements , aramis , those of london are mine . will make you then sign your declaration , and confront you with him you have denounced ; i will supply you with the means of supporting your accusation , for i know the fact well . , and danglars again prepared to carve the fowl . ” repeated the curate , who , about as strong as d ’ artagnan with respect to latin , carefully watched the jesuit in order to keep step with him ,	73.10789489746094
and repeated his words like an echo . state prevents our speaking to him on any subjects , which the weakness of his mind would <unk> him from understanding , and i am perfectly convinced that at the present time , although , he knows that his granddaughter is going to be married , m. noirtier has even forgotten the name of his intended <unk> ” m. de villefort had scarcely said this , when the door opened , and barrois appeared . heart beat , a faint breath played upon his lips , a slight shudder , announcing the return of life , passed through the young man ’ s frame . you are going on quickly , m. benedetto ! ” with the letter , then	47.21841812133789
? ” asked porthos . a steed which was the observed of all <unk> . had concentrated his forces between <unk> and la venthie ; and after a <unk> along the entire line , in company with marshal de grammont , he had returned and seated himself before a table , with his officers around him . story , during which the count ’ s heart had swelled within him , when emmanuel entered wearing a hat and coat . ; the man , or rather the <unk> he trod so softly that no sound was <unk> poured out about a spoonful into the glass , and drank it . ? ” said mordaunt . has happened to us , do you not ? ” heart but did	53.738319396972656
not reply . to send to albert the following particulars , as the events had transpired after the messenger ’ s departure ; namely , that the same day a great agitation was manifest in the house of peers among the usually calm members of that dignified assembly . for the ornaments back again . a good theologian , ” said bazin , almost weeping ; “ he might have become a bishop , and perhaps a cardinal . ” nothing in the past ; why , then , should it be less daring in the future ? ” your head with all this nonsense ? ” athos , raising his right hand to heaven , “ never ! to my betrothed . ” ” said valentine ;	59.52098846435547
“ is this the reason why grandpapa has made me share all his <unk> during the last month ? ” but one fights only with equals . ” it , ” murmured the banker . me ! and i repeat it for the third time ; that house is one inhabited by my friend , and that friend is aramis . ” will put on an air of mourning and he will pluck for us his black fowls . ” ” cried groslow , rushing to the hatchway ; “ perhaps there is still time to save us . ” . he , “ the coach is ready . ” the one hung with white damask with a red cross , was a blue domino , beneath which	50.371822357177734
franz ’ s imagination easily pictured the beautiful greek of the argentina . best , ” said the innkeeper of the pont du gard , shutting up his knife . him ? ” fear , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ as long as i shall have the luck to enjoy the favor of their majesties ? ” that i also look upon you as my enemy . that is he ; but his name ? ” the crowd for some time , but at length he lost sight of them in the via macello . have been in england , sir ? ” he said , making a sign to the queen , who was evidently going to issue a severe order . dead who do	36.04950714111328
not return . ” thus afforded to men and horses enabled them to continue their journey at a good round pace . made the sign of the cross , and lowering his face to the planks , as if he would have kissed them , said in a low tone , in french , “ comte de la fere , are you there ? ” ” said the count . an ancient gladiator , and muscular as a spartan , he walked for a quarter of an hour without knowing where to direct his steps , actuated by the sole idea of getting away from the spot where if he lingered he knew that he would surely be taken . them into the ditch , ” said porthos	39.95017623901367
, “ after having assured ourselves they have nothing in their pockets . ” butt end of the musket burst open the lock , two more forced out the bolts , and the broken door fell in . them , and they stopped before him . . with indescribable tenderness . but a gray beard under the fringe of the mask . ” all good christians are entreated for these unfortunate men , that it may please god to awaken them to a sense of their guilt , and to grant them a hearty and sincere repentance for their crimes . ’ ” ” resumed d ’ artagnan , “ that you suspect that impertinent gentleman ? ” like the one mercédès desired , that she turned away	65.66305541992188
to give vent to a sigh , which sounded more like a groan . are more than mortal , will , i am sure , lead me to death by a pleasant path , will you not ? ” beloved , my noble girl , my only blessing in the world . pleased with you ? ” to do , i ’ faith ? seeing the enemy ready to surrender , marches toward him with a cry of victory , she rose , beautiful as an antique <unk> , inspired like a christian virgin , her arms extended , her throat uncovered , her hair disheveled , holding with one hand her robe modestly drawn over her breast , her look illumined by that fire which had already	78.77165985107422
created such disorder in the veins of the young puritan , and went toward him , crying out with a vehement air , and in her melodious voice , to which on this occasion she communicated a terrible energy : name , my lord , ” replied felton , “ will you sign it all the same ? ” sum . ” oars made no noise whatever in striking the water , and when i leaned over to ascertain the cause i saw that they were muffled with the sashes of our <unk> besides the rowers , the boat contained only the women , my father , mother , selim , and myself . carnival at venice ; there we are sure of obtaining <unk> if we can	74.02648162841797
not have carriages . ” much as you please , ” cried lord de winter , “ but don ’ t try to bite , for i warn you that it would be to your disadvantage . for signor pastrini , when that worthy presented himself . a horse ? ” asked mousqueton . five hundred men , did you not ? own ? ” and left the two men facing each other ; no material obstacle separated them . and entered the rue saint christophe . the refreshment room , the three musketeers and the two guards following him . reverend father , i can answer for myself . ” bury the poor child there , sir ? as it will be the prelude to a better	40.81071853637695
. ” , ” said porthos and aramis , hoping he would choose one of them . father , tell me where it is , ” and he opened two or three cupboards . ; you well know that our interests are the same . ” the precaution to set apart four trusses for his own use . blame dantès . about to reply , when a blow , similar to that of a mallet falling on the head of an ox , was heard . and had you not come i must have set off without you , for general cromwell expects my return impatiently . ” few minutes he heard steps approaching and low whispers . of the question here ; d ’ artagnan had fallen	64.65225982666016
into an <unk> . is a great act of folly to have left such a man between corsica , where he was born , and naples , of which his brother-in-law is king , and face to face with italy , the sovereignty of which he coveted for his son . ” ! ” returned the count . rochefort has become a better man than i am ? ” he said to himself . ” said aramis , “ that it was our friend mordaunt who made , if not the bargain , at least the overtures . ” ? gentlemen ? ” asked mazarin . me true ? ” asked the wounded man . departure from the forest of frosinone he had followed carlini in the darkness	32.85190200805664
, and heard this oath of vengeance , and , like a wise man , anticipated it . that is the reason , ” said villefort , shrugging his shoulders . a look designed to penetrate the mask of the unknown headsman . fear , my lord ? ” and with all my heart ; for i know what it is to be in love . ” know what you mean , nor do i even desire to know what you mean , ” replied the cardinal ; “ but i wish to please you , and see nothing out of the way in giving you what you demand with respect to so infamous a <unk> more so as you tell me this d ’ artagnan is a	31.5575008392334
<unk> , a <unk> , and a traitor . ” from his pocket , and presented it to d ’ artagnan . . use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . where a bird can not pass over one ’ s head , where a fish can not leap out of the water , where a rabbit can not come out of its <unk> , and i believe that bird , fish , and rabbit each becomes a spy of the cardinal . of this house , doubtless hoping i should kill the count and he thus become his heir , or that the count would kill me and i should	37.89500427246094
be out of his way , he <unk> me , and has murdered me . ” by another question . , you will be there ? ” interpreted , owing to the fog , was the cause of this error . ” he , between his teeth , “ is there truth in the proverb that fortune comes while one sleeps ? ” , turn to the right , jump into your saddles , all will be right ; don ’ t be uneasy at anything except mistaking the signal . in the most unexpected manner . it , my lord . ” the piazza di venezia , a second volley of fireworks was discharged , to announce that the street was clear . the stairs ; he	45.46028137207031
had only time to creep into an alcove to avoid them . the voice which indicated the real presence of a being in the room , alarmed her so much that she feared to utter a syllable ; still the expression of her eyes seemed to inquire , “ if your intentions are pure , why are you here ? ” the count ’ s marvellous sagacity understood all that was passing in the young girl ’ s mind . villefort , “ really , count , you frighten the ladies . ” of use to you for personal projects . ” i tell it . at piombino , and i presume that , like milan and florence , piombino has become the capital of some french department	61.92149353027344
. ” madame de villefort , whose eyes sparkled with strange fire at this conversation . of another . , or we can ’ t drink . ” am starving . friends ! are three superb animals ! ” they receive an unhappy king , who will bring such a sad story into a country already agitated by civil discord ? , a man of the world and a bon <unk> , up to his eyes in learning , as his pupil described him , often recalled the profound erudition , the witty and caustic satire of athos to raoul ; but as regarded grace , delicacy , and nobility of external appearance , no one in these points was to be compared to the comte de la	100.82498168945312
fere . he said ; “ doubtless she is in her <unk> ” he rushed towards the door , found it bolted , and stopped , shuddering . solitary , feeble light was burning in the porter ’ s lodge , about forty paces distant from the house , as baptistin had said . , by the saint honore gate , d ’ artagnan , who had time before him , walked around and re-entered by the porte richelieu . us pay a visit to the king ’ s treasurer and then set off . ” concluded with these words : “ the present accusation is preferred by us in the name of the english people . ” to the bastile ? ” his ‘ joy ’ —you	41.14246368408203
style me your ‘ love , ’ —and both of you have called me ‘ my child . ’ ” to go and peep under their cloaks to see what is not there ? ? ” said kitty . , madame ? ” said he . , at least , by his adherents . ” look to see that his orders were promptly and accurately obeyed , and then turned again to the owner . the officer made no reply ; but drawing from his belt a little silver whistle , such as <unk> use in ships of war , he whistled three times , with three different <unk> . cried d ’ avrigny with grief and surprise . the cabal headed by the duke of beaufort ;	61.363319396972656
and the ‘ coxcomb ’ arrested de beaufort and banished madame de chevreuse . ” on which she had just been playing ; it was elegantly <unk> , and worthy of its mistress . be sent by his eminence ? her , then ? ” asked rochefort , eagerly . sir , ” replied villefort from below , — “ it is well ; have patience but one day longer ; what i have said i will do . ” the moon , lessened by its decline , and reddened by the last traces of the storm , arose behind the little town of armentières , which showed against its pale light the dark outline of its houses , and the skeleton of its high belfry . athos	64.33770751953125
had directed him to do . , that with the eyes fixed on the social organization of nations , you see only the springs of the machine , and lose sight of the sublime workman who makes them act ; i say that you do not recognize before you and around you any but those office-holders whose <unk> have been signed by a minister or king ; and that the men whom god has put above those office-holders , ministers , and kings , by giving them a mission to follow out , instead of a post to <unk> say that they escape your narrow , limited field of observation . winter , baron sheffield . ” dark night ; vast clouds covered the heavens , concealing the	126.86347961425781
stars ; the moon would not rise till midnight . artagnan gave his name very modestly , emphasized the title of compatriot , and begged the servant who had put the question to him to request a moment ’ s audience of m. de tréville—a request which the other , with an air of protection , promised to transmit in due season . murmured the baroness . but unfortunately the toilet was finished . , that we have pledged ourselves to his majesty for your <unk> and strict loyalty , and that at our recommendation the king consented to forget the past , as i do ” ( and here she extended to him her hand ) — “ as i now do at your entreaty . four	105.7441177368164
of you , but i am more likely to kill the first than the second , the second than the third , and the third than the last . each one , and preserved his dignified and commanding attitude . represents everything to you in the wrong light . ” , who wanted to keep up against me the spirit of cabal she had raised against m. de richelieu . ” , oftener still had he a dread of being sent away . he exclaimed suddenly , “ where is my son ? <unk> , edward ! ” and he rushed out of the room , still crying , “ edward , edward ! ” the name was pronounced in such a tone of anguish that the servants	70.1239013671875
ran up . , “ i much fear that what you ask for are very rare things in this detestable and barren country , and i think we should do better to go and seek hospitality from the owner of a little house we see on the fringe of the forest . ” . ” to walk about , to have fresh air , books , and writing materials . , but grimaud did not give a single moan . , my heart is broken , my life a burden , everything around me is sad and mournful ; earth has become distasteful to me , and human voices distract me . franz . me more credit than i deserve ; i only wish to do what will	93.73722839355469
be agreeable to you , that is all . ” with monsieur de bruy ? of mme . be assured that your horse will not be half so serviceable to you for that purpose as good golden louis . cavalcanti . its height . , for there is no one left to contradict me . ” said the host ; “ i remember it perfectly . with the evident intention of <unk> the road , but some one having perceived the obstacle had partially turned it aside . our god <unk> falsehood , he much more severely condemns suicide . ” stood on end . which i must request . ” ” had been aware of the <unk> weakness of the friends , the rochellais continued to advance	63.129478454589844
in quick time . eh , peppino ? ” perfect until he learns to create and destroy ; he does know how to destroy , and that is half the battle . ” who will never desert me ! ” shining , ” said morrel , more alarmed by noirtier ’ s expression than by valentine ’ s <unk> . friend ? ” replied the baron , negligently . ” said the queen , after a moment ’ s reflection , “ go and find the coadjutor and bring him to me . ” they could not long delay coming to clear the table , and that felton would then reappear . wrong . ? ” say , ” continued caderousse , in his native language , which	46.453182220458984
was not altogether devoid of rude poetry , “ i can not help being more frightened at the idea of the malediction of the dead than the hatred of the living . ” without fighting ; so much the better ! seat to beppo , and sat by him . , your prisoner ? ” icy coolness never abandoned her . he , “ that <unk> ! ” fresh and smiling goddess of <unk> , been honored with a <unk> or more scrupulous worship than that which was paid to her in this little enclosure . the notary . ” you . ” was the cry . , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ i have not the uniform , but i have the spirit . ,	57.54696273803711
in a less dangerous situation than the one in which he was now placed , he had already endeavored to sacrifice her to his honor . was pale and his shirt was all bloody . aramis , “ i do justice to the beauties of this thesis ; but at the same time i perceive it would be overwhelming for me . months since you have been here , and though , distracted as you must be in your important occupations , you have forgotten to pay me my <unk> , i say , i have not tormented you a single instant , i thought you would appreciate my delicacy . ” the attack , if indeed an attack was projected , would be made from the staircase	56.71316146850586
of the ground floor , and not from a window ; in monte cristo ’ s opinion , the villains sought his life , not his money . am not afraid of thunder , ’ said the jeweller . ” he said , “ for a terror i can not blame them for ; from being suspected they have become suspicious . ” to be offered to you , and to be transmitted to you . rebuild your fortune , but i will not be an accomplice in the ruin of others . ” least in the world ; only i fancied that the honest <unk> was an exception to the rule , and that it only announced telegraphic despatches . ” the young man , “ you	43.0900993347168
know how gladly i would obey your wish , but an urgent and important affair obliges me to leave you for the whole evening . ” we sailors are like <unk> , and recognize each other by signs . ” me , ” said franz ; “ i am a friend of the count ’ s . ” . heard one of their friends , monsieur d ’ artagnan , say a great deal about them . ” ? ” of his creatures persecuted unjustly , placed between suicide and dishonor , believe me , sir , ” replied milady , in a tone of deep conviction , “ god pardons suicide , for then suicide becomes martyrdom . ” me alone you have taken the trouble to	53.329227447509766
cross the channel ? ” sir , and his age ; he ’ s the second to-day . ” aramis , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you must be taking me for some one else . ” , to express my surprise , ” said the abbess . had already arrived and the remainder was expected from moment to moment . ! screams they saw mordaunt upon the poop with a torch in hand . it ? know myself , neither is it necessary that you should do so . we shall meet again , ” said mercédès , pointing to heaven with solemnity . would open , and he would be compelled to leave paris ; d ’ artagnan had no time for a prolonged	38.78694152832031
love siege . your side , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ is as much mistaken as to our intentions as the cardinal mazarin has always been . ” be heard snoring through the partition . oliver cromwell , the most illustrious captain of the age ? ” my guardsmen , and search the two houses thoroughly . ” device , and well worthy of those who know not what a gentleman is ; you frighten me not , executioner ’ s axe , ” added he , touching it with the cane which he held in his hand , “ and i strike you now , waiting patiently and <unk> for you to return the blow . ” you , then , ” said he ,	45.944210052490234
“ if you disobey . ” room was , as usual , empty , and only guarded by the dog , he called to his wife , ‘ hello , carconte , ’ said he , ‘ the worthy priest has not deceived us ; the diamond is real . ’ your majesty sees that they are come , quite <unk> and repentant , to offer you their excuses . ” accordance with paragraph 1.f.3 , a full refund of any money paid for a work or a replacement copy , if a defect in the electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of receipt of the work . that ? ” you , since mademoiselle danglars was not among the number here who	42.17135238647461
thought of you ? , turned to monte cristo . furnished . you , albert , ” replied franz , “ the count is a very singular person , and the appointment you have made to meet him in paris fills me with a thousand apprehensions . ” at ease about his bill , placed pen , ink and paper upon the table . masters were ranged against the walls , <unk> with magnificent trophies of war , while heavy curtains of costly tapestry were suspended before the different doors of the room . invention would serve him for this purpose . man who desired to speak with you from your friend ? ” he asked of franz . going to pay a second visit to this woman	51.60604476928711
, who i fear entertains sinister intentions upon her own life , and i have received orders to watch her . ” of ours , each person views things through a certain medium , and so is prevented from seeing in the same light as others , and madame danglars , therefore , very much regretted that the marriage of eugénie had not taken place , not only because the match was good , and likely to insure the happiness of her child , but because it would also set her at liberty . planchet ? it is all the same to me . ” ! ” <unk> , and success doubled her forces . maximilian . without being perceived by her . as punctual as the <unk>	80.19873046875
woman , and the most rigorous casuist with regard to duels could have nothing to say . , the worthy <unk> seemed much embarrassed , drew on one side into the corner of the landing-place , passed his quid from one cheek to the other , stared stupidly with his great eyes , and only acknowledged the squeeze of the hand which morrel as usual gave him by a slight pressure in return . <unk> call duke of buckingham , ” replied milady . up every doubt ; and unless his near neighbor and would-be friend , the count of monte cristo , possessed the ring of <unk> , and by its power was able to render himself invisible , it was very certain he could not escape	99.55510711669922
this time . me in that which i am accomplishing . now . why dantès should die ; it would , indeed , be a pity he should . , the queen and monsieur mazarin , and heard the mass as well as if he had been on duty . pause and continued , “ i have a wife who is seamstress to the queen , monsieur , and who is not deficient in either virtue or beauty . time to see him again . dear duke , go <unk> listen . ” young . said the abbé ; “ it seems as if i were listening to the story of a dream . decided on his profession his father had no desire to choose for him ,	49.999027252197266
but had consulted young maximilian ’ s taste . noirtier to receive news of valentine , and , extraordinary as it seemed , each day found him less uneasy . said aramis ; “ i will take two poniards and give one to parry . ” said beauchamp ; “ still , i assure you , he passed very well with many people ; i saw him at the ministers ’ houses . ” de winter , laughing , “ that beautiful hair so skillfully disheveled , that white skin , and that languishing look , have not yet seduced you , you heart of stone ? ” scraps of paper ! —it must be seen to be believed . ” wrote the following letter : of doubt	77.57520294189453
, which , if it change not to conviction , must become remorse ! ” the count bowed his head , and clasped his hands together . a great moralist . ” one minute , a single minute , and i will restore it to you through the grating of the door . horses , fresh , strong , and fully equipped . misfortune to all who surround me ! however , that , as he was with his face to the enemy , he should have received a ball between his shoulders . replied albert , “ that if i had been aware of your arrival in paris , and had known your address , i should have paid my respects to you before this . that	36.81854248046875
, monseigneur , it is true , ” said athos ; “ we do conspire , as your eminence might have seen the other morning . i am ignorant ; but i can readily tell you where he is going to , and that is down below , without the least doubt . ” title sounded on his ear he rose , and addressing his colleagues , who were members of one or the other chamber , he said : no , i said what you <unk> is a crisis at hand . while single men passed from one group to another . the cardinal , “ you are to come with me , or rather , i am to go with you . ” the best use	43.9054069519043
of his time while he had the means of labor , he continued to work without ceasing . is there were only four like this in the cellar . enemy of prisoners ; i had ennui , and i amused myself with twisting that rope . ” the title . ” a conversation with an iron door ; such was the count ’ s “ yes . ” door of the cardinal ’ s study , d ’ artagnan was about to be announced when rochefort <unk> him on his shoulder . the isle of ré with ninety vessels and nearly twenty thousand men , he had surprised the comte de toiras , who commanded for the king in the isle , and he had , after a	52.61027145385742
bloody conflict , effected his landing . sir , but we are told that a battle is expected and we do not wish to arrive the day after it . ” night that cucumetto had sent carlini to a village , so that he had been unable to go to the place of meeting . , being both <unk> , both having become noble , both rich , are about equal in worth , excepting that there have been certain things mentioned of him that were never said of me . ” the citizen , “ well , monsieur , my wife was abducted yesterday morning , as she was coming out of her <unk> . ” it understood these words , bent its red nostrils toward the	75.75981903076172
king ’ s face , and parting his lips displayed all its teeth , as if with pleasure . i ask you to look , not among your friends of to-day , but among those of other times . ” to give an order to cahusac and houdinière . dispersed he leaped down , crept from behind the drapery , glided between two horses , mingled with the crowd and was the first to arrive at the inn . help . artagnan found to his own taste in the rue tiquetonne at the sign of the roe . going thither ? ” in this action ; there was courage ; the south was aflame , and to assist , even on his death-bed , the father of so	63.98489761352539
dangerous a bonapartist as dantès , was <unk> as a crime . thus favored , and at the end of twenty-four hours , the bite was mortal . ! ” said mme . sir , ” murmured milady , lowering her voice , and allowing herself to sink overpowered to the ground ; “ i have told my secret ! else was allowed to be ransomed , might he not also be ? ” he said , “ i prefer waiting till tomorrow . strong in your courageous assurance , to recover myself . ” right , tréville , you are right ! ” man attack porthos rather than any other one of us ? ” asked aramis . the old man should express his approbation by closing	49.696006774902344
his eyes , his refusal by winking them several times , and if he had some desire or feeling to express , he raised them to heaven . decided that you are to live at marseilles , and that i am to leave for africa , where i will earn for myself the right to use the name i now bear , instead of the one i have thrown <unk> ” mercédès sighed . monsieur de tréville held , you ask of me . ” ” replied d ’ artagnan . ” said grimaud . friends leaped from their horses and entered . ” mazarin continued , whilst his wonted smile , full of subtlety , lent a strange expression to his pale lips ; “ yes ,	62.72562789916992
these noises prove to me , indeed , that the destiny of favorites is precarious ; but ye shall know i am no ordinary favorite . and , with a fresh breeze from the <unk> , they sailed beneath a bright blue sky , in which god also lighted up in turn his beacon lights , each of which is a world . fear me , which is more likely , but they let me trample down the <unk> with my dogs , insult and obstruct every one , and i come back still more weary and <unk> , that ’ s all . long to dantès , but monte cristo found it equally short . had heard approach slowly withdrew , as if with regret . that	103.27924346923828
not ... be groslow , if he meets him . ” ecstasy , and did not pay the least attention to what was going on around her . of whom i thought so much , of whom i was so proud , who had appeared so worthless in the dungeons of the château d ’ if , and whom i had succeeded in making so great , will be but a <unk> of <unk> tomorrow . as he entered his bedroom a man was getting in by the window . window , and saw them crossing the street , arm in arm . god for my happy deliverance , ” said rochefort . the scent of something <unk> which was not <unk> to him , hungry as he	60.88253402709961
was ; it was that mixture of fat and garlic peculiar to provençal kitchens of an inferior order , added to that of dried fish , and above all , the <unk> smell of <unk> and <unk> . said , “ you , who are so trusting , read and reflect that there is something in this letter important for us to see . ” but not more at his <unk> i saw at this time he was in constant dread of edmond ’ s <unk> was very anxious to get his wife away , and to depart himself . he made a step toward the muskets , upon which the other three friends had fixed their eyes , like men ill-disposed to allow themselves to be taken	59.39949417114258
. to set out ? ” monte cristo had set apart one hour to be passed in the apartments of haydée , as though his oppressed spirit could not all at once admit the feeling of pure and unmixed joy , but required a <unk> succession of calm and gentle emotions to prepare his mind to receive full and perfect happiness , in the same manner as ordinary natures demand to be inured by degrees to the reception of strong or violent sensations . , if he had not understood it . possible ” he caused the earth to be dug up ? ’ artagnan drew their chairs near him . too much , ” cried milady . pay for my hat , when she was plunged in	87.61831665039062
the deepest and darkest of these reflections that the door of the chamber opened , and the king entered . cried , “ athos ! knew what had become of her , and everything remained in suspense ; but once free , and placed in communication with laporte , matters resumed their course , and she accomplished the perilous enterprise which , but for her arrest , would have been executed three days earlier . for an instant , the concierge took a whistle from his pocket as soon as they entered the court , and blew it . maximilian ; “ and what did your father say then , valentine ? ” , as he spoke , looked at harrison , the colonel imagined the toast was	54.88640594482422
for himself . wild with terror , consisted of groslow , who at the hour fixed by mordaunt had collected his men and the sailors . for four musketeers to allow an unfortunate fellow who cried for help to be arrested in their midst ! certainly , and you have done well to purchase them , although you were somewhat <unk> not to have procured them sooner . ” aramis ; “ we have still a word to say to these gentlemen . ” could not last long , and continued to look with all his eyes and listen with all his ears . going to make an imprudent and thoughtless request , but—— ” the first blessed hour of our acquaintance , <unk> all my words and	77.60161590576172
actions to your sentiments and ideas ? , and perceived a postscript : abbess , and tell her that someone will come and fetch me , either today or tomorrow , and that i am to follow the person who presents himself in your name . ” the count , turning towards franz , “ i told you there was some mistake in this . ” at the very moment when , thanks to the ray of the sun , he perceived the gun barrel , he was thinking with astonishment on the forbearance of his eminence with respect to him . heartrending in them that m. d ’ artagnan , who had been at first the most eager in pursuit of milady , sat down on the	43.50795364379883
<unk> of a tree and hung his head , covering his ears with the <unk> of his hands ; and yet , notwithstanding , he could still hear her cry and threaten . heart repose ? ” returned d ’ artagnan , “ but first put a napkin against the window and draw the curtains . ” ” quitted franz , leaving him unable to decide whether she were merely amusing herself at his expense , or whether her fears and <unk> were genuine . impossible ! ” the prisoner to be more careful , and departed . into the midst of this tumult and disorder that our young man advanced with a beating heart , ranging his long rapier up his lanky leg , and keeping one	76.97319030761719
hand on the edge of his cap , with that half-smile of the embarrassed provincial who wishes to put on a good face . this , time is <unk> , years ; and she has ten or twelve days , as lord de winter , her fraternal and terrible jailer , has told her . first , as had been agreed upon . himself on his infallible penetration ; for that which almost proved that he was the son of richelieu was his <unk> pretension ; he examined attentively the countenance of the <unk> for place and fancied that the contracted eyebrows , thin lips , hooked nose , and prominent cheek-bones of grimaud were favorable signs . ” pardon , but this is quite a french demand	111.87332153320312
; for the next week you will not find a single tailor who would consent to sew six buttons on a waistcoat if you paid him a crown a piece for each button . ” beauchamp , who , as became a journalist , was very incredulous , “ you always carry this drug about you ? ” i. was <unk> by a strong guard before the high court which was to judge him . , have committed a crime , since you are here and are accused of high treason . ” with light hair , clear gray eyes , and thin and compressed lips , dressed in a blue coat with beautifully carved gold buttons , a white <unk> , and a <unk> eye-glass suspended by	76.85322570800781
a silken thread , and which , by an effort of the <unk> and <unk> muscles , he fixed in his eye , entered , with a <unk> air , without smiling or speaking . villefort ; i fully believed that when he went out in the night he would be forced to traverse the whole of the garden alone . ” to escape , but fortunately he did not attempt it . château-renaud , ” replied debray ; “ those clothes are well cut and quite new . ” a child when his father died , he knows very little of m. noirtier , and will meet him , if not with pleasure , at least with indifference . ” that letter—— ” announced were indeed approaching	54.153865814208984
. young girl beheld the head of medusa . ” murmured d ’ artagnan , “ rochefort has kept his promise , but where in the devil is he ? ” and he searched the cabinet even to the smallest recesses , but there was no sign of rochefort . given me this evening the best advice i have ever received . retreated as far as the ditch , from which each took a concealed musket ; the result was that our seven travelers were <unk> in weapons . horseback , and go and meet her . these crimes exist ? ” a blank to <unk> knew nothing more , not even the length of time he had been imprisoned . ” said he , “ did not	66.48346710205078
have personal <unk> ” an hour we shall know the emperor ’ s answer . of sailors , soldiers , and those belonging to the humblest <unk> of life , the present assembly was composed of the very flower of marseilles society , <unk> who had resigned their office during the usurper ’ s reign ; officers who had deserted from the imperial army and joined forces with condé ; and younger members of families , brought up to hate and <unk> the man whom five years of exile would convert into a martyr , and fifteen of restoration <unk> to the rank of a god . seen , only they heard the galloping draw nearer . there would be no promotion ; and since you assure me	106.25547790527344
that the <unk> ” a fashionable , elegantly dressed lady , and yet the door remained almost closed . cried the hollow voice of athos , “ i can hear d ’ artagnan , i think . ” ” said mazarin , “ i think it must please me best to remain ; not only on account of my own interest , but for your safety . ” spring backward and drew his sword . erudition we are well acquainted with , evinced no more interest on hearing this quotation than he had at that of m. de tréville in allusion to the gifts he pretended that d ’ artagnan had received from the duke of buckingham . hour the porter returned with a <unk> and horses ,	44.504791259765625
which were harnessed , and put in the post-chaise in a minute , while the porter fastened the portmanteau on with the assistance of a cord and strap . ” top of his skull and blood was <unk> <unk> . ” inquired danglars , turning pale . if you really suffer , ” said felton , “ a physician shall be sent for ; and if you deceive <unk> , it will be the worse for you . ! ” the count . times , ” said louis xviii. , smiling , “ is a thing very easy to meditate , but more difficult to conduct to an end , inasmuch as , re-established so recently on the throne of our ancestors , we have our eyes open	45.236454010009766
at once upon the past , the present , and the future . , sir ? back exhausted . morrel ; god is speaking to your heart , and your heart speaks to you . general who <unk> at the same time victory and defeat , and who is quite prepared , according to the chances of the battle , to march forward or to beat a retreat . you that you have sufficiently repaid your debt , and that from this moment i will pray to god to forgive you , as i do . ” eugénie expected , and even advanced some steps to recognize the person who was going out , but seeing a young man striking his boot impatiently with his <unk> , he	60.69386291503906
opened it immediately . offend the good god . this fine story , monsieur ? . ” and ordered him to open it . ? ” two candles showed <unk> phantom shadows in the lofty room . you to observe that i ask you absolutely nothing . with him . ” said m. de beaufort , “ this wonderful animal , not finding here what i ask for , seeks it out of doors ; you shall , however , have his answer . ? ” ” said he ; “ i think i have seen you and known you formerly . ” , perceiving his youth and that he did not belong to the corps , invited him to retire before they attacked . ” to tours	54.649932861328125
without telling me anything ? ” manifested the shrewdness of the steward , and the profound science of the master , the one in carrying out the ideas of the other , was that this house which appeared only the night before so sad and gloomy , impregnated with that sickly smell one can almost fancy to be the smell of time , had in a single day acquired the aspect of life , was scented with its master ’ s favorite perfumes , and had the very light regulated according to his wish . these four days , as you told me yourself . first note to be inserted in your journal ? be done ? ” asked morrel . ” said planchet , “ is it	74.21475219726562
you ? ” and the night in prayer , for i hoped that god would pardon me my suicide . morrel , recovering his assurance as he proceeded , “ do you recollect that a few days before the landing of his majesty the emperor , i came to intercede for a young man , the mate of my ship , who was accused of being concerned in correspondence with the island of elba ? write to yanina . ” among fowls , i believe , but very common among men . ” not been in such a hurry , he might have had his <unk> . ” don ’ t say nay to it . , emptied all his drawers , collected about fifty thousand francs in	49.036502838134766
bank-notes , burned several papers , left others exposed to view , and then commenced writing a letter which he addressed : displayed an expression of the most intense curiosity . . shopkeeper who was gaping at the crows and who had <unk> him , aramis with one blow of his fist had distanced him ten paces . said athos , “ we are just arrived from england and our first concern is to inquire after your health . ” , one who had seen long and honorable service , as became a man charged with the interests of a house so important as that of morrel & son , ” replied danglars . ? ” leave the standard to sail peaceably , not toward london , where	93.05944061279297
d ’ artagnan and porthos believed they were going , but to durham , whither mordaunt had been ordered to repair by the letter he had received during his sojourn at boulogne , and accompany us to the royalist camp , on this side of the tyne , near newcastle . andrea , “ what do you want ? ” letter to general cromwell . ” with him , ” continued aramis ; “ ah i much fear that with all your wisdom such mercy yet will prove <unk> folly . ” the next morning she again proceeded , and in three hours after entered béthune . antoine ? ” asked the governor . i assure you , though i would not say so to others , that	51.18044662475586
if the queen , acknowledging the injuries she has done me , would recall my mother and give me the reversion of the admiralty , which belonged to my father and was promised me at his death , well ! valentine , “ we have been waiting for you with such impatience , dear m. d ’ avrigny . you any commands ? ” asked bernouin . should think the other must be dead , i hanged her so effectually . ” door opened , and the young girl , her eyes bathed with tears , appeared . ” said the cardinal , with the greatest phlegm , “ does not tell your majesty that this innocent musketeer , this gallant man , had only an hour before	48.19520950317383
attacked , sword in hand , four commissaries of inquiry , who were delegated by myself to examine into an affair of the highest importance . ” ” replied the astonished king ; “ but why do you ask that ? ” honore and went up it toward the rue de la ferronnerie ; there the aspect changed ; here it was the tradesmen who were running from shop to shop ; their doors seemed closed like their shutters , but they were only pushed to in such a manner as to open and allow the men , who seemed fearful of showing what they carried , to enter , closing immediately . ! ” said athos , “ you require too much , d ’ artagnan .	67.9115982055664
his party were traversing the street “ les bons enfants ” behind the theatre built by richelieu expressly for the play of “ <unk> , ” and in which mazarin , who was an amateur of music , but not of literature , had introduced into france the first opera that was ever acted in that country . fere . ” . ” a charge ! ? ” concern me what you have learned ? ” said de winter . to speak to the people . ” which he prefers in his journeys , large enough to hold all the world . ” king ’ s attorney , i denounce mademoiselle de villefort , do your duty . ” me none . ” , dear friend , ”	53.20138168334961
said athos ; “ i foresaw that and have embraced them both from you and myself . ” you will not see him ; he is <unk> engaged , and dines with the chief <unk> . overwhelmed , crushed ; her eye alone lived , and glared horribly . that the owner was a smuggler , ” replied the sailor . the expression of the queen ’ s face that she was about to issue some violent command . could give him the <unk> , <unk> i preferred to give it to you . ” d ’ artagnan , who had overheard him , “ to-night , gentlemen , we rescue the king . ” blame on myself if you find i have led you into an error	42.517799377441406
. ” peculiar to <unk> rose and left the room . cousin . d ’ artagnan , “ it is in advance . ” did well to come back . ’ your power as great with the <unk> as monsieur le curé told me it was just now ? ” pride in being considered a past master therein . forgotten , but mixed up and confused with ancient recollections . never spoken to the one or the other ; that he had come , at about ten o ’ clock in the evening , to pay a visit to his friend m. d ’ artagnan , but that till that hour he had been at m. de tréville ’ s , where he had dined . that you	42.303585052490234
can do with most project gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement . ! ” said the cardinal . my child , in your very best manner ; for , had he not come to our aid , neither you nor i would have been alive to speak our thanks . ” château-renaud , “ are only found in the volga . ” monte cristo , as though he had not observed her confusion , “ i have heard of a lucky hit that was made yesterday on the neapolitan bonds . ” not a large sum , however , ” replied monte cristo , with a tone so sweet and gentle , that it went to maximilian ’ s heart like	33.31209945678711
the voice of a father ; “ but they will not be content with that . not the world a <unk> ? ” she exclaimed , throwing herself into the arms of mademoiselle d ’ armilly , her eyes sparkling with the same kind of rage which made nero wish that the roman world had but one neck , that he might <unk> it at a single blow . he placed his feeble influence at her majesty ’ s command . was put at the head of this sudden and new business . , obey someone ? ” out and then , marry , come up , ask , and find out . succeeded ? ” the abbé , “ it is very affecting . ” say so	49.75834274291992
at once , my dear sir ! said athos . which answered this speech was most decided and terrible , and expressed a feeling almost amounting to hatred . active links to , or other immediate access to , the full project gutenberg™ license must appear prominently whenever any copy of a project gutenberg™ work ( any work on which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” appears , or with which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” is associated ) is accessed , displayed , performed , viewed , copied or distributed : dantès ; “ he will not return until the evening ; so that we have twelve hours before us . ” warn you that the first man that comes within the length of my <unk>	48.68242263793945
my sword is <unk> rip him up . ” the scabbard , and made passes at the wall , springing back from time to time , and making contortions like a <unk> . it ; were it not for that , i should thank you , for you have worked for us . ” said porthos ; “ true , i had forgotten it ! ” have attempted to describe , and from which a damp vapor was rising , a young man with his hands in his pockets , who had excited much curiosity among the inhabitants of the “ den , ” might be seen walking . at cours la reine , you find no one , you must go on to saint germain . for	52.44508361816406
this poor captain of musketeers , to be paid whenever his services shall no longer be acceptable to your majesty . ” , and god , doubtless in anger , turns away his face , it is for the physician to bring the culprit to justice . ” security , or you will be lost ; but , on the <unk> it is i who say <unk> enemies in all directions . said maximilian , “ the voice of my heart is very sorrowful , and promises me nothing but misfortune . ” , if , as i hope , my vessel arrives safely ; for its arrival will again procure me the credit which the numerous accidents , of which i have been the victim , have	64.4098129272461
deprived me ; but if the _pharaon_ should be lost , and this last resource be <unk> ” his mouth . , conducted him to the top of the tower , and when there pointed to a little door , placed the light which he had brought with him in a corner of the wall , that the coadjutor might be able to find it on his return , and went down again . resumed danglars ; “ now your revenge looks like common sense , for in no way can it revert to yourself , and the matter will thus work its own way ; there is nothing to do now but fold the letter as i am doing , and write upon it , ‘ to	52.06037139892578
the king ’ s attorney , ’ and that ’ s all <unk> ” and danglars wrote the address as he spoke . case , we can manage famously , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ which of the two horses will you <unk> which you bought or the one that was given to you ? ” said ; and m. bertuccio left enraptured , so great , so powerful , and real was the influence exercised by this man over all who surrounded him . to see her too often . ! ” cried the king ; “ to him , no doubt . wife , more affectionate to his daughter , than he had ever been . ? , ” said the curate . ease	41.644630432128906
, a mystery hung over this dark affair , and the public rumor was , that cæsar , a better politician than his father , had carried off from the pope the fortune of the two cardinals . against myself ? that is true , my child , ” said the queen , “ you are right . ” paces , ” whispered d ’ artagnan , “ and gone up six steps , so <unk> is the pavilion called the pavilion of the orangery . , ” replied mazarin , “ the third bed is intended for your highness . ” drew a smile to franz ’ s countenance ; although he could but allow that if anything was likely to induce belief in the existence of	51.8076057434082
vampires , it would be the presence of such a man as the mysterious personage before him . was <unk> among the first gentlemen of the kingdom ; and d ’ artagnan , followed by a lackey , and traveling with four magnificent horses , despite the simplicity of his uniform , could not fail to make a sensation . aramis ; “ but silence ! he , “ i thank you for your hospitality , which i would gladly have enjoyed longer ; but i must return to paris . ” noirtier ’ s intelligent eye . to see the young man again , and related to him all that had passed on the preceding evening . diamond , withdrew his hand . she , “ i	35.283199310302734
did all for the best ! make their way through one of the gallery windows , and to let themselves down from the outer walls by means of the abbé ’ s ladder of cords . made which <unk> the honor of a member of my family . ” a woman will often , from mere wilfulness , prefer that which is dangerous to that which is safe . merely returned a <unk> movement of the head , while , with a cold smile , she directed the attention of her mother to an opposite box on the first circle , in which sat the countess g—— , and where morcerf had just made his appearance . tree , supported there by the two valets , and was	68.11592102050781
praying fervently , with clasped hands and eyes raised to heaven . to what fate decrees for you without even attempting to contend with it ? ” said morrel sorrowfully . from appearances ; you will find a horse in the stables quite as good as this . ” seeing him and urging his immediate departure , when , on the very evening of coming to this decision , mme . waistcoat was found in his house , containing the letter which stopped the signature of the marriage-contract . ” said villefort ; “ instructions have been given . step , doubtless aware of what awaited him . stay , ’ added la carconte in a tremulous voice ; ‘ we will take every care of you .	72.01665496826172
’ chair for morrel , requested barrois not to admit anyone , and having tenderly embraced her grandfather , and sorrowfully taken leave of morrel , she went away . danglars was suffering from that nervous irritability which women frequently can not account for even to themselves ; or that , as debray had guessed , she had experienced some secret agitation that she would not acknowledge to anyone . ’ s way amid these turbulent and conflicting waves , it was necessary to be an officer , a great noble , or a pretty woman . exclaimed the old lady sharply , “ let us hear none of the conventional objections that deter weak minds from preparing for the future . , how can you say so	118.7558364868164
? ” exclaimed friquet . , do we plague ourselves about money , when there is a diamond ? ” s gone to blois ; the poor <unk> ” , and so i came to you without any warning . i am going to fight , ” answered porthos , reddening . holsters , that velvet <unk> , that saddle studded with <unk> they all for me ? ” a banquet ; he gave them a tolerable repast . ” said milady , “ i confide in my brother ; i will dare to— ” hour , and from this moment milady waited with impatience . of his words ? ” a countenance full of intelligence , the play of which had been , nevertheless , subdued by	58.520294189453125
age and experience ; and d ’ artagnan received the penetrating glance like one who had formerly sustained many a searching look , very different , indeed , from those which were inquiringly directed on him at that instant . revelation was stunning ; he trembled and was on the verge of apoplexy . them , and the twelve studs were all on her majesty ’ s shoulder . , his smiling mouth had assumed the firm and marked lines which betoken resolution ; his eyebrows were arched beneath a brow furrowed with thought ; his eyes were full of melancholy , and from their depths occasionally sparkled gloomy fires of misanthropy and hatred ; his complexion , so long kept from the sun , had now that	139.82672119140625
pale color which produces , when the features are encircled with black hair , the aristocratic beauty of the man of the north ; the profound learning he had acquired had besides diffused over his features a refined intellectual expression ; and he had also acquired , being naturally of a <unk> stature , that vigor which a frame possesses which has so long concentrated all its force within itself . laporte was at the lodge ; in two words d ’ artagnan informed him where mme . the faubourg saint germain , went down the rue <unk> , and stopped at the passage du pont-neuf . carriage , and saw that his servants were surprised at his early return ; he could read no other expression on	99.76215362548828
their features . xxvii . ” exclaimed danglars , rising quickly , “ i will write today . ” manner in which you have acted toward me , the young girl who brings you this will tell you how a man of spirit may obtain his pardon . my boots ; and when he has done , i will , if you like , send him to you to brush your shoes . ” in flowery paths . ” of one accustomed to fine houses . in his splendid robes and holding in his hand the carbine which your emperor presented him . , in the hands of the abbé faria , had been so skilfully used to guide him through the <unk> labyrinth of probabilities , he	67.45238494873047
thought that the cardinal spada , anxious not to be watched , had entered the creek , concealed his little <unk> , followed the line marked by the <unk> in the rock , and at the end of it had buried his treasure . he would have thrown his glove in my face if morrel , one of my friends , had not stopped him . ” to deliver it ? ” ; a miserable old age awaits you . feverish or delirious tonight , but thoroughly awake ; midnight is striking , which is the hour murderers choose . ” were yet more apparent ; these horsemen , whoever they might be , had halted there . ” replied the man , in a tremulous voice ,	72.65943908691406
“ if you separate them across the neck . ” the arrival of porthos , frequently cast his eyes with great uneasiness upon a large chest placed in front of his oak desk . them as it does for those who are not victims of misfortune and whose <unk> glide along mechanically and tranquilly beneath the eye of providence . habitation prepared for you in which you will soon forget fatigue and cold . ” , valentine , i am alone in the world . the window and call for help , but my legs refused their office . ’ t you come there also ? ” as at first , and the witnesses , seeing he did not move , approached and endeavored to raise him ,	65.36266326904297
but the one who passed his arm around the body found it was moistened with blood . fled from bourges , and has returned to spain . ” , engaged for the purpose , had carried noirtier from valentine ’ s room into his own , and contrary to all expectation there was no difficulty in withdrawing him from his child . which said , “ is that all ? <unk> , then. ” and then accompanying the glance with <unk> words , “ that is but too just , ” said she , tenderly . they any stairs with such windows ? ” morning , and bade her adieu . ” ! ” like carbuncles , and appeared , with his <unk> mouth , to be the	72.082275390625
only part of his face in which life survived . was only an officer coming to visit a lady . enough to explain your meaning ? ” said the major , endeavoring as much as possible to assume an air of the greatest majesty . ask you if you had heard any news of them ? ” athos . mazarin ; “ although , perhaps , that counsel is as good as any other . ” ” said she , “ you have saved me ; permit me to thank you . ” ! ” and he disappeared . ” rich shipbuilder in malta . ” , while your young man was insensible , you did not fail , i am quite sure , to ascertain what that	32.90574645996094
pocket contained . the young girl , with an authoritative tone the count had never observed before , and which startled him . the letter ? ” , ” replied dantès . athos . might be suspected that he must know too much to avow ; by confessing all he might prove his good will . excited look . faculties , for he can neither move nor speak , nevertheless he thinks , acts , and wills in the manner i have described . required of her , and certainly it was less difficult now for her to believe that she should marry maximilian than it was an hour ago to assure herself that she should not marry franz . , the trademark owner , and any distributor	73.30834197998047
under this agreement will not be liable to you for actual , direct , indirect , consequential , punitive or incidental damages even if you give notice of the possibility of such damage . her , sorrowful and resolute . ? ” inquired valentine . had but to put forth his hand , his eminence had rarely recourse to such means . a forgery , three <unk> , and two cases of <unk> , i only wanted a murder , and here it is . sooner had the doctor left the room , than he was again absorbed in work . you , ” answered the countess . pardons , ” said the count , “ there is nothing the matter , but i slipped down and broke	57.205055236816406
one of your panes of glass with my elbow . lafitte ’ s <unk> , behind one of the little arched windows which are placed above each desk ; he saw mercédès enter the diligence , and he also saw albert withdraw . impart to you , monsieur , for you alone can assist me in the mission i have just received from her majesty . ” added she , “ you know that i wait for you . ” years since the house had been occupied , ” said château-renaud , “ and it was quite melancholy to look at it , with the blinds closed , the doors locked , and the weeds in the court . . key to your father , ” said he	44.9143180847168
, “ and tomorrow morning , if possible , do not quit him for a moment . ” his hands as he uttered these words , while monte cristo fixed on him a look of inscrutable meaning . , there is a letter . ” ; you have my word . ” knees , at the same time holding me up towards heaven , as if she desired , while praying to god in my behalf , to raise me actually to his presence . ” scene had not occurred in daylight , for it was curious to see this rascal throwing himself heavily down on the cushion beside the young and elegant driver of the tilbury . laid for her ? , now acceptable ; he held	56.630470275878906
the plate in his hand for an hour at a time , and gazed thoughtfully at the morsel of bad meat , of <unk> fish , of black and mouldy bread . the <unk> dantès guessed that the two grave-diggers had come to seek <unk> idea was soon converted into certainty , when he heard the noise they made in putting down the <unk> . ” asked buckingham , as he opened the letter . , ” said porthos , turning round upon his chair and twisting his mustache , “ that ’ s a fair bet , i hope . ” ; and on my honor , if i had discovered that it was his son , i should have regretted having killed him . ” ?	50.92759323120117
” valentine is going to marry you that he is angry , but because she will marry , a union with any other would have caused him the same sorrow . athos , “ it reminds me of a family jewel . ” albert in a determined tone , “ you see that your paper has insulted a member of my family , and i insist on a retractation being made . ” we couldn ’ t leave our prisoners , could we ? ” uttered a cry of surprise and asked him what was going on . politeness . same day you first saw me ? ” shepherd told the count ’ s steward that he had seen a wolf come out of the <unk> mountains ,	47.68457794189453
and <unk> around his flock . horse for the last time , and at nine o ’ clock galloped into the yard of tréville ’ s hôtel . my <unk> ” , ’ said the president , ‘ do not allow yourself to be cast down ; answer . ? a father of a family , charged with even a greater responsibility than the father of an ordinary family . commercial men was that , under the reverses which had successively weighed down morrel , it was impossible for him to remain solvent . signified the old man . ” said the priest , “ that the young man concerning whom i asked you was said to bear the name of edmond . ” all the doors in	50.33116149902344
with a single push of his shoulder ; and i expected to see him leave rueil in the same way as samson left <unk> . be close to the sea ? ” he gave way to his own <unk> were in accordance with those of the queen—had accomplished more than the most astute diplomacy could have attempted . , but i thought it might be so . <unk> the senator ? ” exacting , it seems to me . he , raising himself on his elbow , “ is it you , comte de la fere ? ” thousand francs , ’ inquired caderousse in a hoarse voice , ‘ where are they ? of mademoiselle danglars , i hope ; you would not like poor andrea to	51.176456451416016
have his throat cut by albert ? ” villefort , burying his face in his hands , “ no , a hundred times no ! ” ” yes , i thank you with all my heart , ” said valentine ; “ and if you doubt the sincerity of my gratitude , oh , then , ask haydée ! this man , sir , ” said the king to the minister of police ; “ for if , as i am all but convinced , general quesnel , who would have been so useful to us at this moment , has been murdered , his assassins , bonapartists or not , shall be cruelly <unk> ” it required all villefort ’ s coolness not to betray the terror	40.683387756347656
with which this declaration of the king inspired him . powerful , valentine , but say what you will , i can never renounce the sentiment which has instinctively taken possession of my mind . saint denis . well served . , then seeing that she paused , she said , “ don ’ t you know a gentleman named athos ? ” a very respectable appearance . ” ” said he , “ i can not but perceive how sadly i miss the letter of introduction which my father gave me to present to you . ” said the mendicant ; “ it is a great honor for a poor distributor of holy water . ” , signor pastrini ’ s face assumed an expression impossible to	40.132755279541016
describe . illumined by so savage a joy that under any other circumstances mme . mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works , by using or distributing this work ( or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” ) , you agree to comply with all the terms of the full project gutenberg™ license available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license . the lackeys saddle the horses . ” slow and solemn step , so that the table alone separated them , the unknown took off his mask . me and those gentlemen for monsieur groslow . ” short by six feet . ” bertuccio , ” said the count , “ i now advise you to go	30.46446418762207
in quest of the little estate i spoke to you of in normandy . ” till your next swoon ! ” said the baron , seating himself in the armchair opposite that occupied by milady , and stretching out his legs carelessly upon the hearth , “ it appears we have made a little <unk> ! ” we can easily find some excuse for its disappearance . the great cardinal ! ” then was heard the regular <unk> of soldiers . ” morrel advanced towards beauchamp and château-renaud , who , seeing his intention , came to meet him . d ’ avrigny to villefort , “ call mademoiselle valentine ’ s maid , if you please . ” aroused by this unusual disturbance , cautiously opened the	55.89122772216797
door of his room ; and blaisois , looking reproachfully at the cerberus , drew the letter from his pocket and presented it to aramis . chair . began to talk about everything ; about the bad quality of the food , about the coldness of his dungeon , grumbling and complaining , in order to have an excuse for speaking louder , and <unk> the patience of his jailer , who out of kindness of heart had brought broth and white bread for his prisoner . aramis , “ will not your majesty acquaint some of your friends of this ? ” sir , ” said planchet , overwhelmed with joy ; “ if i were still capable of serving you . ” receive the defense of	50.420291900634766
a great principle , my dear d ’ herblay . said he ; “ i go at once . ” my son from them , with yourself . think of sending him away from here . ” a humble foreigner , you must pardon me if i do not understand all the subtle <unk> of your language . ” traces which had escaped me in the darkness . d ’ artagnan ; “ we are near athos ’ s door . given up to them , madame . ” you to interrogate , but to answer . ” matter for a woman so really superior as she was . the sloop . ” cried the jesuit . and the most <unk> companion imaginable . have given you letters	32.385066986083984
of nobility . ” its rounds . for the purpose of watching like a <unk> over the almost <unk> riches that had thus fallen into his possession satisfied not the <unk> of his heart , which <unk> to return to dwell among mankind , and to assume the rank , power , and influence which are always accorded to <unk> first and greatest of all the forces within the grasp of man . desire . ” caught a sound resembling that of a stone rolling down the staircase opposite the one by which he had himself ascended . cristo is an island in the midst of the mediterranean , without inhabitants or garrison , the resort of smugglers of all nations , and pirates of every flag .	92.36272430419922
nanette . hastily , rang the bell to pay the thirty francs he owed to the landlord , and offering his arm to his mother , they descended the stairs . of the count of monte cristo ! ” exclaimed the procureur , with a haggard expression . ” i think , than ours has been . son with him this evening , the <unk> , as we say in italy ; he <unk> him to my care . from , sir ? only wed a marchioness . ” ; and however well made the mask may be , with a little attention we may always succeed in <unk> it from the true face . valentine , “ the reason of my proposing it was that i might	46.5322151184082
escape this hateful marriage , which drives me to <unk> ” noirtier ’ s breathing came thick and short . , however . unknown to me ; the marquis of saint-méran ! ” and he appeared to meditate . who broke parry ’ s head and is now getting ready to break ours . ” continued winter , always possessed by the same idea , “ is there not a tradition in france that henry iv. , the evening before the day he was assassinated , when he was playing at chess with m. de <unk> , saw <unk> of blood upon the chessboard ? ” ; with certain people , everything comes round . ” son would be very unpleasantly situated . ” and was feeling his	77.18931579589844
way , his arms stretched out before him . her to make her appearance at the gate , for maximilian had long awaited her coming . balm for wounds ; and my poor grimaud here was obliged to dress those you had inflicted on him . ” to be taken by surprise , ” added the king . , m. beauchamp , that you are more <unk> than he was . ” box of pistols from the carriage . ? —of whom do you speak ? to you ? ” are fed in my <unk> , which are excellent pasture . ” , ” said he , “ and i swear to you by my honor that i will not go hence if we are conquered . ”	47.164207458496094
, my fine fellow , ” said the unknown to the servant , with so ironical an expression of the eye , and so frightful a smile , that he withdrew ; “ i only wish to say two or three words to your master , who gave me a commission to execute about a fortnight ago . ” , porthos and aramis . portfolio . ” ” said mademoiselle danglars to her friend . did not <unk> the letter at once , but continued to turn it again and again in his hand ; then , in accordance with his usual custom and judging from experience that few people could hide anything from him when he began to question them , fixing his eyes upon them at	40.836387634277344
the same time , he thus addressed the messenger : arrived in paris on the tenth of january and the prince of conti was named , but not until after a stormy discussion , generalissimo of the army of the king , out of paris . d ’ artagnan ; “ no , i confess it . it was she who had cut off the two studs , and avenge himself for that little treachery ; but buckingham was incapable of going to any excess against a woman , particularly if that woman was supposed to have acted from a feeling of jealousy . planchet . i have been almost obliged to <unk> ” bertuccio made but one bound to the antechamber , and cried in a hoarse	49.31833267211914
voice : , and before everything else , sir , is the news as bad in your opinion as i am asked to believe ? ” that in going he had already observed the street <unk> who had attracted his attention . for a fowl ? ” notary to be sent for then ? ” said valentine . half open , quite stupefied . saint peter ’ s alone . said julie , “ will you restore him to us cured of his melancholy ? ” morrel turned away to conceal the confusion of his countenance . asylum of it , similar to that founded by the count of <unk> at palermo . man at all , monsieur , and i am afraid of the bastille . ”	52.39706802368164
it . ” news , and knew it even before you could ; for three days ago i posted from marseilles to paris with all possible speed , <unk> at the enforced delay . ” i want the glory of riding in your fine carriage , ” said he ; “ oh , no , it ’ s only because i am tired , and also because i have a little business to talk over with you . ” least , few that i have not seen , ” said the count coldly . am <unk> . ” head and bazin retired , after placing on the table the spanish wine . ? ” thing that engaged his most anxious <unk> what way was the escape to be	49.77305603027344
effected ? in thought . ? ” grumbled porthos . twilight lighted the plain . planchet , ” said aramis , whilst athos smiled on seeing what important rank was held in the city <unk> by the former comrade of mousqueton , bazin and grimaud . to the road of chaillot ; the day began to decline , carriages were passing and <unk> . understand , ” said the countess , shrugging up her beautiful shoulders , as though an involuntary shudder passed through her veins , “ that those who have once seen that man will never be likely to forget him . ” to see me ? ” inquired he . , are done once—and never repeated . ” de villefort , ” said monte cristo	45.75190353393555
, fixing his eyes on madame de villefort ; “ and if i were sufficiently intimate with him to allow of giving my advice , i would persuade him , since i have been told m. d ’ épinay is coming back , to settle this affair at once beyond all possibility of revocation . with you , my friend ? ” asked the latter . dear mother , ” interposed renée , “ i trust your wishes will not prosper , and that providence will only permit petty offenders , poor debtors , and miserable <unk> to fall into m. de villefort ’ s hands , —then i shall be contented . ” to inquire , ” said madame de villefort , as she arose to take	46.96461868286133
her leave , “ whether you usually reside here ? ” wished to cry out , but an icy shiver ran through my veins and stifled my voice ; i fell lifeless , and fancied myself killed . apartment , if you please . ” on his burning hands , as if his brain could no longer bear alone the weight of its thoughts . to begin with fair promises and assurances of nothing to fear ; but when poor , silly folks , like my husband there , have been persuaded to tell all they know , the promises and assurances of safety are quickly forgotten ; and at some moment when nobody is expecting it , behold trouble and misery , and all sorts of persecutions	112.82772064208984
, are heaped on the unfortunate wretches , who can not even see whence all their afflictions come . ” , one precaution of considerable importance . ” , stretched out his arm so that the weapon almost touched milady ’ s forehead , and then , in a voice the more terrible from having the supreme calmness of a fixed resolution , “ madame , ” said he , “ you will this instant deliver to me the paper the cardinal signed ; or upon my soul , i will blow your brains out . ” high spirits , and seemed to have completely forgotten the events of the previous evening . ” continued he , speaking to himself with all the <unk> that he thought due	57.813804626464844
himself , “ if you escape , of which there is not much chance , i would advise you to practice perfect politeness for the future . ” said dantès , wiping his brow with his sleeve . all that is possible , father , to meet this <unk> result ? ” asked the young man , after a moment ’ s pause . dantès emerged from the tunnel . son , a young man , a relative , a nephew , of whom comminges spoke to me as being a brave boy , and who , with monsieur de chatillon , brought the standards from lens ? ” glass , but even then he could not distinguish anything . , which wanted a quarter to ten ;	47.76631164550781
but soon the same clock he had already heard strike two or three times rectified the error by striking half-past nine . two powerful rivals <unk> with each other in procuring , not only from all the provinces of france , but even from all foreign states , the most celebrated swordsmen . in the despairing attitude in which we left her , plunged in an abyss of dismal <unk> dark hell at the gate of which she has almost left hope behind , because for the first time she doubts , for the first time she fears . motionless position for some time after his two friends had regained their carriage ; then suddenly <unk> his horse from the little tree to which his servant had tied	116.3099365234375
it , he mounted and galloped off in the direction of paris . said the major , half aloud . ” cried a hoarse voice . wager i can go up into the belfry of the accoules , and without staggering , too ! ” anyone who would set him at liberty . ” servant who had taken barrois ’ s situation , and in noirtier ’ s name gave that order . , monsieur mordaunt , for this difficult task of ambassador , in which the oldest diplomatists often fail . ” t know you ; like his <unk> he is ready to obey our orders knowing nothing of our plan . ” to resume the cassock . justice , ” he said ; “ and stay	54.90792465209961
close to me , ” he added , in a low tone . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but in the first place i should like to be certain of one thing . ” time , so he had a game of <unk> with the <unk> , lost three crowns , and then to console himself drank a bottle of <unk> . in proportion as the corridors became more deserted , d ’ artagnan wished to stop the young woman , seize her and gaze upon her , were it only for a minute ; but quick as a bird she glided between his hands , and when he wished to speak to her , her finger placed upon her mouth , with a little	36.8742561340332
imperative gesture full of grace , reminded him that he was under the command of a power which he must blindly obey , and which forbade him even to make the slightest complaint . , but we can not make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states . me , father ? ’ said carmela . even in the very face of open day , that at least a year had elapsed since all these things had passed , so deep was the impression made in his mind by the dream , and so strong a hold had it taken of his imagination . contains two things—the king , who must die , and royalty , which never dies . ” bargain	84.4739990234375
of four isolated men ; whereas four men together make a troop . alone , ” replied the young man . , ” said athos , “ i wish to speak to the king . ” rightly . a long time , i said ; you ought , then , to have a good hand . ” for i presume that the king , standing godfather to him , could do no less than present him with five hundred thousand francs , giving his father , also , the government of normandy . ” trouble and confusion in the assembly . the same color as the draught she had poured into the glass , and which valentine had drunk ; it was indeed the poison , which could	39.71736145019531
not deceive m. d ’ avrigny , which he now examined so closely ; it was doubtless a miracle from heaven , that , notwithstanding her precautions , there should be some trace , some proof remaining to reveal the crime . lose sight of monte cristo ; she saw that he took nothing , and even noticed his gesture of refusal . ? _ ” you would view all this otherwise . the gascon began to laugh at him and said : fortune , my glory , all the days i have to live , for such an instant , for a night like that . <unk> to me . ” ” said she , “ i have scarcely seen you , and you already wish to	48.730648040771484
deprive me of your company , upon which i had counted a little , i must confess , for the time i have to pass here ? ” not know that there are eight guards about him , four in his chamber , four in the antechamber , and that they never leave him . ” which would <unk> beforehand all that i should think proper to do for the greatest good of france . ” of vasiliki and haydée . his hands ; he raised his face , red with shame and bathed in tears , and seizing beauchamp ’ s arm : ball teresa was attired in her best , her most brilliant ornaments in her hair , and gayest glass beads , —she was in	70.21310424804688
the costume of the women of <unk> . were , and was informed that they had passed the night in the inn , and were then settling their bill with the host . an instance here ; it was by always offering a million of francs to the governor for his liberty that an abbé became mad , who was in this chamber before you . ” said d ’ artagnan , fixing his eyes , in spite of himself , on the queen ’ s diamond , which mazarin wore on his finger . knew this man ? ” , will become the instrument of divine <unk> in some way or other , and then be duly punished in his turn . , and you ? ”	38.42230987548828
, and employed all the most acute bloodhounds and skilful agents in search of her . , as if beneath a heavy wave of bitter thoughts . , my dear mother ! ” said the girl . . ” , keep poisons in her laboratory ? ” himself on his knees , and stretched out his arm , tried to draw back , then clasping his hands , and raising them with a desperate effort , “ oh , my god , my god ! ” said he , “ pardon me for having denied thee ; thou dost exist , thou art indeed man ’ s father in heaven , and his judge on earth . the sort of presentation which was to be made that evening	38.37144470214844
, were all in attendance . stopped , thinking the king , whose eyes were closed , was really asleep , but charles would open his eyes and say with a smile : which might be regretted even by a philosopher . de lorme , and several other gay women . ” said planchet , “ i will succeed or i will consent to be cut in quarters ; and if they do cut me in quarters , be assured that not a morsel of me will speak . ” ” he said , handing it to her . to me alone ? ” said the marquis . was indeed a highly favored prince . he spoke , maximilian drew a letter from the purse and gave it	53.27708435058594
to the count ) — “ this letter was written by him the day that my father had taken a desperate resolution , and this diamond was given by the generous unknown to my sister as her dowry . ” with more perseverance and fury than ever , since fear <unk> me , not my conscience . ” your prisoner should escape ! ” said she . a trap-door communicating with a cellar , from which one could get into the orchard . absolution beforehand . first <unk> ” the major ’ s eyes dilated with pleasing astonishment . say ; monsieur , that my dear father is here ? ” . ” , and the chief inclined his head in sign of <unk> . for tonight ,	65.08650970458984
” said he . ’ artagnan appeared at the door , followed by the <unk> porthos . baron . ” i have but one question more to ask , and i charge you , in the name of honor , of humanity , and of religion , to answer me candidly . ” vampa , ” replied the count ; “ besides , you compensate for your mistakes in so gentlemanly a way , that one almost feels obliged to you for having committed them . ” , and the holy water ! ” replied debray , laughing , “ that we are franks by name and franks by nature , as king charles said , and that the moment she puts her foot in france your slave	46.329246520996094
becomes free . ” of the castle d ’ artagnan found himself overlooking a beautiful valley , in which , at the foot of a charming little lake , stood several scattered houses , which , humble in their aspect , and covered , some with <unk> , others with <unk> , seemed to acknowledge as their sovereign lord a pretty chateau , built about the beginning of the reign of henry iv. , and surmounted by four <unk> , gilded <unk> . ” said athos , “ i beg you to believe that i care very little about it . gesture on the part of his superior , for fear he might be mistaken ; but this gesture being repeated , he left the ranks , and	54.37958526611328
advanced to receive orders . you appeared to be so . ” repeated the curate , with a gesture . thank god , i am pretty well , ” said mousqueton . are ! ” this secret so long from you , ” continued faria , “ that i might test your character , and then surprise you . suppose he possesses ? ” , through negligence , i should be fined . ” that his neighbor would profit by the silence to address him , but he was mistaken . courage and resolution , for he exposed his own life to stop the horses that were running away with us , and would certainly have dashed the carriage to pieces . in your money boxes , or	50.48710250854492
, since you have clerks whom you pay , vent it upon them . ” ” a wish and have charged me with its <unk> , have i ever replied , ‘ it is impossible ’ ? ” himself ; it was impossible that his best <unk> , indeed , he had any friend <unk> recognize him ; he could not recognize himself . it was by steel or by poison ; only of this i am sure , i have dreamed he was dead , and you know my dreams never deceive me . or six <unk> ; you shall choose the best . said aloud , “ let us resume our conversation later , your people may suspect something ; there may be spies about .	71.25064849853516
? ” behalf of the <unk> ” this answer was too clear to permit of any mistake as to his sentiments . ” replied franz . be of age in four years . the corpses , ” replied athos . delivered at the tribunal , ” said athos ; “ the very silence of his <unk> indicates that they are at work . ” and it is he who apologized to me . ” gallantry and love affairs . especial talent ? ” of ali tepelini , which i have placed before you ; the ring , a token of his good-will , which is here ; and , lastly , the most convincing proof i can offer , after an anonymous attack , and that is the	51.16017150878906
absence of any witness against my veracity and the purity of my military life . ’ him the change in athos ; a resemblance between the boy and the man explained the mystery of this <unk> existence . him , for otherwise he would not have been able to enter by the small aperture which led to dantès ’ chamber . you have no friends in your prosperity when you had many in adversity ? ” queen henrietta maria , accompanied by an english noble , is entering the palais royal at this moment . ” commander of the _pharaon_ , with the certainty of being permanently so , if that fool of a caderousse can be persuaded to hold his tongue . , ” said mazarin .	81.35589599609375
you a hundred pistoles . ” the last words of the captain ; and two or three heads , carried away by the enthusiasm of the moment , appeared through the openings of the tapestry . alone in the world . ” undergone such , monsieur athos , and have replied <unk> . ” of lord leven , i raised it and saw all , heard all ! ” is terrible , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ but when i reflect that we have killed english , rochellais , spaniards , nay , even french , who never did us any other harm but to aim at and to miss us , whose only fault was to cross swords with us and to be unable to	50.90066909790039
ward off our <unk> can , on my honor , find an excuse for my share in the murder of that woman . ” monte cristo did the same , and the rest followed their example . truth , ” cried the mercer ; “ but monsieur does not tell you— ” said d ’ artagnan to himself . <unk> you wish me to speak to him ? ” said mazarin , who was anxious to make a friend about cromwell ’ s person . d ’ artagnan . said d ’ artagnan , with great pleasure . ” who carried the arms and the porters with the luggage descend first and was about to follow them . did not fall , as he did not declare himself	34.08995819091797
conquered , but only broke away toward the hôtel of m. de la trémouille , in whose service he had a relative , d ’ artagnan was ignorant of the seriousness of the last wound his adversary had received , and pressing him warmly , without doubt would soon have completed his work with a third blow , when the noise which arose from the street being heard in the tennis court , two of the friends of the guardsman , who had seen him go out after exchanging some words with d ’ artagnan , rushed , sword in hand , from the court , and fell upon the conqueror . those on the same floor , had but one outlet to the gallery in the sight	56.05216598510742
of everybody . the château . for the fugitives . expected these words of cocles , “ the agent of thomson & french . ” wish me to lay aside my ministerial functions , to quit france and be an exile . ” and the superior entered . he was confined in the château d ’ if , and i should like to learn some particulars of his death . ” will be there . ” ” cried monte cristo , stopping suddenly , “ what words do you utter ? morrel , “ i am at your service , count ; still—— ” said athos , “ it is not our plan to run anywhere and like madmen , but we must map up our campaign .	40.52219772338867
latter , “ the cardinal ! seemed completely bewildered . musketoon and your pistols . ” for a moment . at the door for an instant . armed with halberds , guarding your doors . she advanced and stood before him . to the project gutenberg™ license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work . have a pious visit to pay . ” , ” said the coadjutor , “ you have not all your life followed the trade which you do now ? ” i tell ? the culprit , if you find him , i will say to you , ‘ you are a magistrate , do as you will ! ’ ” grimaud ,	38.88609313964844
olivain , and blaisois ! ? ” asked he , by a gesture . ” exclaimed d ’ artagnan , “ this proves to me that not till to-day has your majesty had a just idea of us . ” to refuse shelter to a man wandering about naked and famished . had just dismounted , then saw , outlined against the wall , the enormous stomach of mousqueton , whose <unk> mouth emitted sounds of distress . i believed sacred i have lost the throne and my children their inheritance . that with his conduct this morning ? ” forming one vast uproar , were heard , mingled with guns firing . ” gentlemen ; answer and exculpate yourselves , for i stand here to accuse you	116.87411499023438
. ” , lighted . ” not a muscle of his face was discomposed ; only his glance flashed like a sword in returning the furious looks of the queen . in attempting to <unk> his jailers , who might only have taken it and then betrayed him to the governor , dantès carefully preserved it , that in the event of his getting out of prison he might have wherewithal to live , for the sale of such a diamond would have quite sufficed to make his fortune . ” when i had fallen asleep ; my sleep , then , must have lasted twenty-four hours ! things than that . valentine ? ” been consumed in this undertaking , the only tools for which had been	70.83282470703125
a chisel , a knife , and a wooden lever ; faria still continuing to instruct dantès by conversing with him , sometimes in one language , sometimes in another ; at others , relating to him the history of nations and great men who from time to time have risen to fame and <unk> the path of glory . ” replied the coadjutor ; “ i have to beg you to reflect twice ere you cause a civil war in the kingdom . ” i name you captain of my musketeers , that they should assassinate a man , disturb a whole quarter , and endeavor to set fire to paris , without your saying a word ? fallen into the hands of the famous bandit chief	88.87091827392578
, in whose existence he had for so long a time refused to believe . glance madame danglars at one end of the drawing-room , m. danglars at the other , and eugénie in front of him . rock in order to <unk> the base on which it had formerly stood . observed monte cristo , “ that i have some difficulty in comprehending your objection to a young lady who is both rich and beautiful . ” not change his nature , ” he said . silence . seated himself again and wrote a letter , which he secured with his special seal . , is the <unk> of all this , i confess , ” said the cardinal . too far off to hear him ;	42.119747161865234
and if he had heard him in the disposition of mind he then enjoyed , he certainly would not have remarked it . the rest , reverend sir ; you will say he calls himself andrea cavalcanti . would annoy me less than to be <unk> ” baptistin bowed . we must warn . , ” said aramis , blushing as usual , “ that his ring not coming from a mistress , and consequently not being a love token , d ’ artagnan may sell it . ” of morcerf returned to the rooms , after giving her orders , many guests were arriving , more attracted by the charming hospitality of the countess than by the distinguished position of the count ; for , owing to	74.79158782958984
the good taste of mercédès , one was sure of finding some <unk> at her entertainment worthy of describing , or even copying in case of need . of soldiers , the passages still lined by guards . , mazarin was for some minutes lost in thought . danglars , “ and this is further supported by the fact of their not possessing an inch of land . ” ” said aramis , <unk> his ear to make it red , as he rubbed his hands to make them white , “ and then i made a certain <unk> upon it last year , which i showed to monsieur voiture , and that great man paid me a thousand compliments . ” ! ” cried the stranger to	80.79579162597656
his servant , without checking the speed of his horse ; and the man , after throwing two or three silver pieces at the foot of mine host , galloped after his master . , then , to that door ? ” sacrificed them to the selfish consideration of gaining some thousands of paltry francs . again cleaving the azure sea which had been the first horizon of his youth , and which he had so often dreamed of in prison . interrupted porthos , with an explosion of passion which sent mousqueton to the other end of the room ; “ are they in danger of dying ? ” and debray and the baroness alone in the court , he asked : the frenchman took off his	68.33460235595703
mask ; teresa , with the chief ’ s consent , did the same . , count , where you produced such an effect ? ” down his cheeks . ” said he . a city one has already visited , we feel the same pride as when we point out a woman whose lover we have been . and attempted to fall back . she should not be disturbed ; and when all was arranged , he went out quietly with the soldiers . he wiped the perspiration from his brows , and stopped not again till he found himself at the door of the house in which his father had lived . me <unk> for what is worth 5,000,000 ? he , “ but you had	48.6121826171875
another subject for your thoughts ; did you not say so just now ? ” that this recital scarcely produced the same effect it would have done had she been in her usual state of health . ” answered franz , “ i had no such intention ; and even if i had felt a wish to witness the spectacle , i might have done so from monte pincio ; could i not ? ” artagnan one of those looks which inform a man that he has acquired a mortal enemy . ? ” door was immediately opened , and the young man who was seated beside the countess , in obedience to the italian custom , instantly rose and surrendered his place to the strangers , who	60.33248519897461
, in turn , would be expected to retire upon the arrival of other visitors . he , “ i will swim on until i am worn out , or the cramp seizes me , and then i shall sink ; ” and he struck out with the energy of despair . the prince of wales or the duke of <unk> . ” ? ” asked de guiche . who <unk> ; she has a clear and penetrating judgment , and does not smile on the proposed union . four friends grimaud had had so frequent occasion to make lint and bandages that he had become something of a surgeon . others ? of the floor on which dantès was resting his two hands , as he knelt	63.82853698730469
with his head in the opening , suddenly gave way ; he drew back <unk> , while a mass of stones and earth disappeared in a hole that opened beneath the aperture he himself had formed . men and not lose sight of them ; when you have discovered where they lodge , come and await me at the town gate . ” , ” said albert . at the door , immediately entered . , ” said athos ; “ put your other hand here. ” and he offered him his shoulder as another stay and support , so that his head almost touched that of mordaunt ; and these two mortal enemies were in as close an embrace as if they had been brothers . he	68.70101928710938
is dead ? ” , of six more such months as this would be to reduce the third-rate house to despair . ” from its rapidity , of which morcerf had formed no previous idea . this <unk> ? ” scotchman ! ” was grimaud ’ s laconic reply . and mademoiselle d ’ armilly . this secret , then ? ” , ” said monte cristo . as <unk> , when they darted forward like mad things , and galloped away at so fearful a rate , that there seemed no other prospect for myself and my poor edward but that of being dashed to pieces against the first object that <unk> their progress , when a <unk> man , —an arab , a negro , or	76.6780776977539
a nubian , at least a black of some nation or <unk> a signal from the count , whose domestic he is , suddenly seized and stopped the infuriated animals , even at the risk of being trampled to death himself ; and certainly he must have had a most wonderful escape . afraid , you idiot ; there is nothing in hand but a party of pleasure . ” , who had now again become the friend and protector of mercédès , led the girl to her home , while some friends of dantès conducted his father , nearly lifeless , to the allées de meilhan . a desire , in case his death happened during his absence from paris , that his body might be brought	92.30491638183594
to the family vault . she murmured . be so ! ” that was ? ” said the englishman with an expression of curiosity , which a close observer would have been astonished at discovering in his phlegmatic countenance . in <unk> and the magisterial robe is the <unk> of honor . it gain the opposite bank ; the figures were defined like black shadows on the <unk> horizon . debray . i should say , for instance , ” resumed danglars , “ that if after a voyage such as dantès has just made , in which he touched at the island of elba , someone were to denounce him to the king ’ s procureur as a bonapartist <unk> ” , and if i ever do	53.636226654052734
any good , it is due to their beneficent counsels . much , why did she ever marry herself ? ” ’ s retreat , three were to remain on guard ; the fourth was to return to béthune in order to inform athos and serve as a guide to the four friends . went direct to the tapestry , which he pushed aside . i repeat , you are wrong . ’ s chamber and went to that of porthos . deserved her fate ; do you not think so ? ” offer myself , sir , ” said the priest ; “ it is our mission to <unk> our duties . ” through his arm , and bicarat one through his thigh . cried d ’	46.973567962646484
artagnan , “ i see black points and red points moving yonder . ’ avrigny , listen ! ” but charitable to inform him . had extracted three boards . your pardon , but as i have but one son , and it is the first time i have ever thought of marrying him , i am still serving my apprenticeship , you know ; come , i will reform . ” to say that you must have been very young then. ’ — ‘ i was four years old ; but as those events deeply concerned me , not a single detail has escaped my <unk> ’ — ‘ in what manner could these events concern you ? . ” by degrees in the adjoining chamber .	75.08928680419922
, i listen . ” days , if you like , the civil marriage shall be celebrated without pomp or ceremony . departure and had planted people on the road to prevent them ever reaching their destination . we are quite alone , ” said andrea ; “ besides , we are conversing in italian . ” , my hands were full , your honor . ” for whom i can answer , if he will speak out . ” no , your excellency , unless you intend to commit suicide . , i think , to act toward a queen so illustrious as your majesty as we should act toward a woman of our <unk> condition . passed over aramis ’ s face as quickly as that	58.545692443847656
which in august passes over the field of grain ; but quick as it was , it did not escape d ’ artagnan ’ s observation . ” said the duchess . that signified , “ i do not <unk> ” the notary looked at the count with astonishment . , during his stay at leghorn , that he ran no risk of recognition ; moreover , he had now the means of <unk> any disguise he thought proper . this fortune , we may enjoy it without remorse . ” d ’ artagnan reply ? ” back close to the wall , and there , shaded by the <unk> , she silently and attentively watched the slightest movement of valentine . nothing , now that i no	57.20732116699219
longer entertain the slightest hopes , the end of this adventure becomes simply a matter of <unk> ” and he remained again motionless and thoughtful . recalled villefort from the third heaven to earth ; he composed his face , as we have before described , and said , “ i have read the letter , sir , and you have acted rightly in arresting this man ; now inform me what you have discovered concerning him and the conspiracy . ” . one of them , my uncle , and that you cried louder than the others : ‘ she must die. ’ therefore i warn you , and listen well to my words , that they may be engraved upon your memory , never to be	72.54837799072266
forgotten : this murder , which has robbed me of <unk> murder , which has deprived me of my <unk> murder , which has impoverished <unk> murder , which has made me corrupt , wicked , <unk> shall summon you to account for it first and then those who were your accomplices , when i discover them ! ” , <unk> of the hand , and <unk> ; there was no end to the inextinguishable laughter at the rochellais . of you , my dear friend , and so act as to render your captivity supportable or your flight possible . athos . passed the three men , but turned back immediately , and d ’ artagnan walked straight up to the butcher and touching him on the	70.24779510498047
chest with the tip of his finger , said to athos : . ” said aramis , “ perhaps there is yet time . as to what course the vessel would take , had yet watched it anxiously until it <unk> and stood towards him . more numerous , succeeded one another , day and night , in the little house of the bridge of la pierre , in which the cardinal had established his residence . morrel , “ make haste . , monsieur de beaufort tried drawing . at those two exercises ; but pass the pen over to monsieur abbé . answering , threw himself on his knees , seized the count ’ s hand , and covered it with kisses . well that justice	54.97129440307617
never lets go that which it once lays hold of . your majesty , which i still continue to doubt , should prove to have any foundation , what a terrible disclosure , what a fearful scandal ! ” who was a nobleman of your acquaintance , ” continued d ’ artagnan , looking intently at athos . one day called out by some <unk> <unk> , who has no more real cause of quarrel with me than you have with beauchamp ; he may take me to task for some foolish trifle or other , he will bring his witnesses , or will insult me in some public place , and i am expected to kill him for all that . ” years of age , dressed	82.41838073730469
in one of the green <unk> , ornamented with black <unk> , which have so long maintained their popularity all over europe . . of talking and for the pleasure of hearing himself talk . had appreciated him at the first glance and who bore him a real affection , never ceased recommending him to the king . felton , looking at those beautiful hands , and shaking his head sorrowfully . milady till that time had only seen a very simple gentleman , had become an admirable jailer . did not scruple much in the case of athos . sword and placed two pistols in his belt ; then both mounted and departed quietly . at least , in pearls , diamonds , and jewels , ”	60.172569274902344
said eugénie . very bad night . a double hold , where our goods were <unk> a number of other vessels that bordered the banks of the rhône from beaucaire to arles . power to discover the murderers , but no one durst tell me their names , so much were they dreaded . sermon be clear , ” said the curate . a fauteuil and before her were standing two or three gentlemen , and among them the duc de chatillon , the brother of the nobleman killed eight or nine years previously in a duel on account of madame de longueville , on the place royale . , pale , motionless , and silent as the corpse . his garments ; and drew from amid his	65.42855072021484
rags a hundred and fifty spanish double pistoles , which he laid down on the table ; then he opened the door , bowed , and went out before the young man , stupefied by his letter , had ventured to address a word to him . friends , word for word , all that had passed between him and his host , and how the man who had abducted the wife of his worthy landlord was the same with whom he had had the difference at the hostelry of the jolly miller . us talk of our affairs . wish ; that was that he should kill me . ; there was nothing but gilding , high and low ; the <unk> were gilt , the mouldings	46.177696228027344
were gilt , the legs and arms of the chairs were gilt . the count motioned to ali to stop ; then he passed into the dressing-room , which he examined . tréville announced this good news to the three musketeers and d ’ artagnan , inviting all four to breakfast with him next morning . cry out ‘ help ! ’ for you and for your companions to be cut to pieces , and then i should have been free . ” the three friends , turned his steps that way . ! ” muttered athos . aramis , “ i always try to be prepared ; and then i knew you were seeking me . ” regiment , your captain ? ” ? ” s attention	47.77796173095703
to a gentleman who had just arrived with his lackey , and only preceded them by about fifty paces . see , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that you have still that honest lad with you . ” there ? ” asked the count . said morcerf , “ but is it a play we are acting ? ” more violent than the first , and he had slipped from the couch to the ground , where he was writhing in agony . d ’ artagnan , “ pardon me , madame , if , guardsman as i am , i remind you of <unk> , i believe we are not here in a very proper place for <unk> confidences . continued , “ was intimate	30.90807342529297
with a young <unk> from tours , a cousin of his , named marie michon . ” ? ” ” returned monte cristo , “ my steward has orders to take a box at each theatre . ” , lend me twenty francs , so that i may buy a dressing-gown ; it is <unk> always to be in a coat and boots ! d ’ artagnan ; “ i , too , am going . ” said , “ does he enter without first asking for an audience ? ” sir , ” said caderousse , who , anxious not to lose the present opportunity of finding a <unk> for one of the few bottles of <unk> still remaining in his possession , hastily raised a trap-door	40.55527114868164
in the floor of the apartment they were in , which served both as parlor and kitchen . say to those around me what <unk> wrote to <unk> : ‘ <unk> <unk> , and all will be over. ’ but come , franz , take courage , your wife is an heiress . ” with money ; but it cost me dear . ” ” repeated morrel , as if awakening from a dream . flamarens , “ you forget that to-morrow you are to command an expedition of the greatest importance , projected by the prince , assented to by the queen . my heart , and , after what you have just said , i remember that only . ” interrupted mazarin , “ was a	60.40162658691406
great politician and therein shone his vast superiority over me . , ” said de comminges , knocking against the wall . heir to lord de winter , if lord de winter did not marry . his eyes for a prophet ? ” , just arrived , but he was in his bath , and had forbidden that anyone should be admitted . to ? ” he inquired . his head with an air of doubt , which the liberality of d ’ artagnan had not entirely effaced . me forget all that i do not wish to remember . ” your excellency ? ” in the dark , and whatever noise you hear , whatever passes , only come in or show yourself if i call you	48.069541931152344
. ” he cried , with his gascon accent . ” said athos ; “ yet it is probable , on the contrary , that we shall enter , because we seem to have to do with sensible people . to you , my boy . foundation is a non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the internal revenue service . them ; she was engaged in <unk> the beatings of her heart , and restraining the tears which were ready to gush forth . ? ” asked valentine timidly . ” said the major . his arm , and commanded silence . is— ” , sir , ” replied	43.38684844970703
groslow ; “ but allow me to say there is great danger in what you undertake ; would it not be better to intrust one of the men to set fire to the train ? ” ? ” beauchamp , “ let them now say that drama is unnatural ! ” said the gardener , “ but that does not make it the less unpleasant . there ? ” it , <unk> that it gave some promise of safety . you see i have answered your first appeal , although certainly the conversation must be much more painful for me than for you. ” villefort smiled bitterly . the new , or rather old , acquaintances of the count of monte cristo , <unk> in the rue meslay	59.62282180786133
, were no other than maximilian , julie , and emmanuel . my son has also guessed who you are , —he attributes his father ’ s misfortunes to you . ” burdens he can raise , the timid of giants he can confront , the poor of treasures he spends , the most humble peasant , in the height of his pride , calls himself jupiter . he find the description valentine had given of the interior of the house useful to him ; he arrived safely at the top of the staircase , and while he was feeling his way , a sob indicated the direction he was to take . fierce one ? ” with you for watching over yourselves , when you watch so	122.9695053100586
carefully over others . of those persons whose conversation , like that of all who have experienced many trials , contained many useful and important hints as well as sound information ; but it was never egotistical , for the unfortunate man never alluded to his own sorrows . of the confidence of her husband , pursued by the hatred of the cardinal , who could not pardon her for having repulsed a more tender feeling , having before her eyes the example of the queen-mother whom that hatred had tormented all her <unk> marie de <unk> , if the memoirs of the time are to be believed , had begun by according to the cardinal that sentiment which anne of austria always refused <unk> of austria had	99.72515106201172
seen her most devoted servants fall around her , her most intimate <unk> , her dearest favorites . ? ” said debray ; “ we have only one monthyon prize . ” , ” added madame danglars . cook , and he is not to be my heir ; i have full and perfect confidence in him . just now . ” sent to summon all the curates with whom he had any connection to his house . ? ” project gutenberg literary archive foundation ’ aubigne is very charming ! ” i could not guess that you would invite me to dinner . ” in my devotion to you as you believe in the goodness of providence and the love of maximilian. ” valentine gave him a	44.13086700439453
look full of gratitude , and remained as docile as a child . i don ’ t know ; it ’ s of no consequence . gold . ” hope of escape ? ” the case , ” said mousqueton , with a learned air , “ take some nourishment . ” them without the gates . confess , these are scruples . ” valentine suddenly , “ i understand . some prescribed form or attention in registering his cargo , and it is more than probable he will be set at liberty directly he has given the information required , whether touching the health of his crew , or the value of his freight . ” when villefort threw himself half-fainting into a chair . this fête	56.80946350097656
would take place , but the king replied that he must consult the cardinal upon that head . no favorite with his colleagues . every poniard ! m. franz , to provoke him , and to fight with him ; all that would be folly . you please , let us not <unk> , aramis . the pleasure , ” replied the count ; “ but i have not seen your father . ” dream , a nightmare , that has disturbed you . ” the bastion , there were still more than a dozen of the enemy . bertuccio , shaking his head , “ are only related under the seal of confession . ” during the last carnival . ” bonacieux , who had never seen	36.206241607666016
his wife in a passion , and who recoiled before this conjugal anger , “ madame , what do you say ? ” most prudent , so he waited until twelve o ’ clock . guessed rightly , morrel , ” said the count , “ that is what i intended . ” <unk> am happy ! ” understood that we should not talk of that until tomorrow . ” height he had ascended the previous evening , and strained his view to catch every peculiarity of the landscape ; but it wore the same wild , barren aspect when seen by the rays of the morning sun which it had done when surveyed by the <unk> glimmer of eve . , you simpleton , ” answered the	66.56689453125
duke . , porthos ? ” what the sergeant wishes us to do , ” replied d ’ artagnan . , ” exclaimed danglars . , and athos did the same . assunta , my sister-in-law , and with the other five hundred i set off for nîmes . cardinal , “ a venetian glass ! ” in the eyes of the minister , he did not know ; but without doubt m. de cavois would have revealed this to him if the captain of the guards had found him at home . his legs sank under him , and he would have fallen had not florentin supported him . cried d ’ artagnan , recognizing the handwriting . , of king charles ! pass the night with	36.35737609863281
me . ” little distance from them , timidly awaiting the moment when she should be obliged to speak . of that deep emotion which stops the beating of the heart and <unk> the cheek . had married a woman from the village of carconte , and whom we did not know by any other name than that of her village . the same calm politeness , invited his prisoner to enter the house . carriage is at the door , ” said he . ? planchet , respectfully , “ i am called dulaurier , at your service . ” <unk> <unk> <unk> le <unk> the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> . ” to say , in case of emergencies , was the proverbial <unk> <unk> ! s	42.57658386230469
treasurer , at blois ; tell him your name and show him this letter ; you will receive two hundred pistoles . ” the headsman of bethune . ” love him so much ! ” s desk , tore off three bits of paper of equal size , wrote on the first his own name and on the others those of his two companions , and presented them open to mordaunt , who by a movement of his head indicated that he left the matter entirely to aramis . , that is all . ” at the convent of jesuits ; from six in the morning to eight at night come by the door . were to see the plume of his hat , the end of his	55.93556594848633
cloak , i should know <unk> ! _ ” ” said the gascon , “ since we shall not die of thirst . return ? ” it well . up with rage , and d ’ avrigny prepared to speak . ” said la ramee , scratching his head ; “ you are in the wrong to tell me that , my lord . really original , ” said beauchamp . other , ” said albert ; “ it is <unk> it not ? —that you are to be at no . as you say , athos . affairs , made a pretty end to the month . ” ? ” said he to the host , who advanced to greet him . afterwards the door of valentine	23.877347946166992
’ s room opened , and monte cristo reappeared . fire ! ” at the same time as his letter . ” invited you to join them at the piano ? ” said danglars to andrea . you ? ” table , and the heated and energetic conversation that prevailed betrayed the violent and vindictive passions that then agitated each dweller of the south , where unhappily , for five centuries religious strife had long given increased bitterness to the violence of party feeling . that i may tell him so ? ” morrel , changing his expression of calmness for one of <unk> “ well , and if i do intend to turn this pistol against myself , who shall prevent <unk> will dare prevent me ?	92.22427368164062
” cried caderousse . mousqueton , who had ridden by the side of d ’ artagnan without speaking a word on the journey , “ you may think what you will , sir , but i can breathe now for the first time since my departure from pierrefonds ; ” and he put his horse to a gallop to announce to the other servants the arrival of monsieur du vallon and his friends . m. de villefort . , ” answered caderousse , pouring out a glass of wine for fernand , and filling his own for the eighth or ninth time , while danglars had merely sipped his . truly ; my nurse lives there . ” the matter , my dear ? ” asked the gentleman	42.75295639038086
whose name the lady ’ s agitation revealed ; “ tell me what is the matter . ” of this attention on your <unk> i will venture to tell her—i am sure that she will be most grateful to you ; it is true that my father will be equally <unk> ” the count laughed . see you fighting , i can assure you that we would make no effort to prevent you . morrel . . ” him ? ” sleeps , rocked by his first hope . never cold , you know ! upon his chest , apparently overwhelmed and thoughtful ; then he closed one eye , in token of inquiry . that this edmond dantès had procured tools , or made them , for	60.21229553222656
they found a tunnel through which the prisoners held communication with one another . ” orders on that point . ” champs-élysées . as children do in order that they may see in the resplendent night of their own imagination more stars than are visible in the firmament ; then he <unk> them , and stood motionless with amazement . you could have at the present time , believe me . ” . ” , ” said the procurator ’ s wife , groaning , “ that unfortunate outfit ! ” de buckingham , her lover ; nothing more just . his father ; but that father was dead . ” them . ” valentine , how has it all been effected ? received orders to place himself	51.879356384277344
behind the four friends in order to reload their weapons . , which was simply , as he had said , one he carried in his cane , was five inches shorter than the general ’ s , and had no guard . modern sèvres vases , a timepiece representing cupid with his bent bow , a mirror with an <unk> on each <unk> representing homer carrying his guide , the other , <unk> <unk> <unk> paper ; red and black <unk> was the appearance of lord wilmore ’ s drawing-room . ” . ” dear friend ; and i may even say the sight of you increases my dismay . ” time is not my own . ” we shall find the count at home ? ”	70.66061401367188
have the honor of taking my leave of you , mademoiselle , solemnly assuring you that i wish your life may be so calm , so happy , and so fully occupied , that there may be no place for me even in your memory . ” seen seated on the same chair , at the piano , accompanying themselves , each with one hand , a fancy to which they had accustomed themselves , and performed admirably . morrel , “ it is a cruel thing to be forced to say , but , already used to misfortune , i must habituate myself to shame . back ! ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ be off , you little villain , and forget not that i	62.50844192504883
have your address . ” was passing in the house of the king ’ s attorney after the departure of madame danglars and her daughter , and during the time of the conversation between maximilian and valentine , which we have just detailed . the world , ” said athos ; “ the cause of misfortune , of religion , royalty . yourself of the merit of doing so at once ? ” in paris and three thousand in france ; and then , perhaps , on entering the convent he changed his name . imperceptible , stole over the rosy lips of the pretty young woman . england you will find a young gentleman named mordaunt . ” shall catch him . replied de comminges , smiling	33.61832809448242
; “ so near that if the windows which look on the orangery were not stopped up you could see him from where you are . ” after him until he turned the corner of the street . moment . ! ” he uttered , and reflected for a moment ; “ shall i ring ? an hour , ’ was the reply . , his costume , which was not of <unk> cut , excited the susceptibility of m. de <unk> , who was all astonishment at finding that this young man had the audacity to enter before the king in such attire . to make one remark ? ” his face ; he was resolved to unravel the mystery . , ” responded the landlord ,	45.47509765625
swelling with importance , “ that the count of monte cristo is living on the same floor with yourselves ! ” for him , cardinal , ” said the queen ; “ he is a child , not yet able to understand his obligations to you . ” . ” shall have the pleasure of waiting upon you , ’ answered la carconte , with an eager attention she was not accustomed to manifest even to guests who paid for what they took . skill with the sword is so well known . ” . to him . ” and i saw him from a distance point me out to them as a fool . ” ” retorted the count , “ have you attained the eminent situation	39.15471267700195
in which you are , without having admitted , or even without having met with <unk> ? girl on the head , he continued , “ haydée is very courageous , and she sometimes even finds consolation in the recital of her misfortunes . ” is the presentation of a <unk> <unk> more acceptable than to the wealthy millionaire , who still <unk> economy while boasting of carrying a king ’ s ransom in his waistcoat pocket . , here , ” said she , “ keep this in memory of me . ” ” responded the mercer , “ i have heard her pronounce all those names . ” , while he wiped away the sweat that started to his brow . to us , <unk> i	58.48112869262695
say it ? —to you also . ” and threw it into the hand of the coachman . of compromising you . ” morning . ” ! ” composed until the name of villefort had been pronounced ; but then she became pale , and , rising , as if touched by a spring , she stretched out her hands as though conjuring an apparition ; she then took two or three steps towards her husband , as though to tear the secret from him , of which he was ignorant , or which he withheld from some odious calculation , <unk> , as all his calculations were . replied monte cristo , “ that all his fortune will come to you , and justly too , since	47.699462890625
mademoiselle danglars is an only daughter . he , “ i think it just possible dantès may have been detected with some trifling article on board ship considered here as contraband . ” been no less thick a veil before the eyes of those to whom faria offered the treasures . this account , so dreadful for a son ; when valentine , pale with emotion , had wiped away a tear ; when villefort , trembling , and crouched in a corner , had endeavored to <unk> the storm by supplicating glances at the implacable old man , — is not all . <unk> , and you will find the harbors crowded with the <unk> belonging to such of the english as can afford the expense ,	91.85320281982422
and have the same liking for this amusement . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ let us call the others . ” who was doomed to destroy them , for a conqueror similar to other conquerors , and it was necessary for both to reveal their <unk> , that they might be known and acknowledged ; one was compelled to say , ‘ i am the angel of the lord ’ ; and the other , ‘ i am the hammer of god , ’ in order that the divine essence in both might be revealed . ” on end , and he rose to his knees . replied danglars ; and going quickly to the designated place , they called for a bottle of wine ,	39.552520751953125
and two glasses . , the sight of the guards had exasperated the mob . , ” said d ’ artagnan , with that prudence which allied itself in him so naturally with excessive bravery , “ that we could have found some retired place on the <unk> or the seashore . ” in understanding this character , which history explains only by facts and never by reason . ? ” in champagne , ’ i answered . nothing more to say . it is needless to say that while they coveted the millions , they thought they did not need them for themselves , as they were beautiful enough without them . of course : “ the son of an <unk> sire , and the father of	87.82189178466797
a yet more unfortunate family , bore in his looks that cast of inauspicious melancholy by which the <unk> of that time pretended to distinguish those who were <unk> to a violent and unhappy death. ” —the <unk> , <unk> . to face with the vast plain that had never seemed so barren , and the sea that had never seemed so vast . the carmelites of béthune . beat more rapidly . was buried up to the hilt in the left side of the executioner . friendly counsel ? see , your excellency , ” cried the steward , “ that this is not natural ; that , having a house to purchase , you purchase it exactly at auteuil , and that , purchasing it at	98.3813705444336
auteuil , this house should be no . him by darting certain tender glances ; but porthos urged the commands of duty , and the procurator ’ s wife was obliged to give place to the king . your presence ? ” . and saw by the mass of <unk> that had accumulated that he was not the first to discover this retreat , which was , doubtless , one of the <unk> of the wandering visitors of monte cristo . sat with his back toward her . . go incognito , count , under the name of marie michon . ” longer in the city , sir , ” said she . soldiers shivering with fear , as they lay bound in the chamber . son did	40.68793869018555
not come to see him before he went to avenge his father ’ s honor ; but when that was done , why did not his son come and throw himself into his arms ? , cane , and gloves to the same french footman who had called his carriage at the count of morcerf ’ s , and then he passed into the small salon , preceded by bertuccio , who showed him the way . , without a cloud on his face without weariness or <unk> ; his eyes were fixed on those of athos and perhaps he comprehended all that passed in the heart of the man who was awaiting his awakening as a lover awaits the awakening of his mistress , for his glance	53.72166442871094
, in return , had all the tenderness of love . athos and the other to aramis , so that should they be separated by chance they might make themselves known to the king ; after which they withdrew . the state of the case of his old friend , who confirmed the statement of d ’ artagnan . . ” guilty , sire , the guilty shall be placed in your majesty ’ s hands , who will dispose of them at your good pleasure . to have me arrested , you are able to have me <unk> , you are able to have me hanged ; you are the master , and i could not have the least word to say . loop through this partition	42.52593994140625
nor move with a <unk> a cask of wine which may perhaps weigh two hundred pounds . ” galloped up to encounter the royal troops , who were entering , <unk> , the <unk> with the fugitives . ” asked villefort , rushing from his room . and pompous in his manner , and he is disfigured by his uniform ; but when it becomes known that he has been for eighteen years in the austrian service , all that will be pardoned . villefort , who was the first to break the silence , “ i consider that i am the best judge of the propriety of the marriage in question . a letter of introduction addressed to me , are you not ? ” said the	44.58718490600586
count . perceptible nod that he should consent . came to announce that the horses were ready , and they were arising from table , the stranger proposed to porthos to drink the health of the cardinal . the return of d ’ artagnan to paris were as follows : villefort , “ the <unk> of this event must prove to your majesty that the issue is in the hands of providence ; what your majesty is pleased to attribute to me as profound perspicacity is simply owing to chance , and i have profited by that chance , like a good and devoted <unk> ’ s all . inquired the jeweller , ‘ is the cash all right ? ’ eagerly the particulars were asked for ,	61.782257080078125
given , and received ; and morrel could read an indescribable joy in the eyes of his beloved , when she knew that the termination of this affair was as happy as it was unexpected . applause of the whole assemblage , and everyone reconducted his lady to her place ; but the king took advantage of the privilege he had of leaving his lady , to advance eagerly toward the queen . my companion ’ s name . . ” in the morning albert had arrived at beauchamp ’ s door . in the meantime . ” and here , ” said she , touching her eyes and her heart . himself <unk> a sword , which he drew from its perfumed leather sheath ; he examined	51.681766510009766
it to see if its hilt was well guarded and if the blade was firmly attached to the hilt . must your past career always interfere with my successes ? ” suddenly a light passed over his face , a smile played round his set mouth , and his haggard eyes were fixed in thought . , that by which he had entered , i placed our scotchman , making a sign to him to follow the man wherever he might go , if he came out again . belated passenger , went up to him , and spoke a few words to him . it in my room , ” she said . it , half laughing , half trembling , and both gained the top of	68.74771118164062
rue de la harpe . carriage with orders for it to fetch him at two o ’ clock ; fortunately the palazzo bracciano , which is on one side in the corso , and on the other in the square of the holy <unk> , is hardly ten minutes ’ walk from the hôtel de londres . father ’ s grief . ” justice , accused , and do you dare set your <unk> an example of disorder which even in these times has never been equalled ? ” at the building . the councillor , the pettifogger ! ” ” said villefort , “ do not prolong this dreadful scene . possession of 900,000 francs ? ” asked the notary . ? ” eminence ’ s service	37.76025390625
, as well as monsieur du vallon , one of my old friends , who used to conceal his nobility under the name of porthos . ” only imagine things to torment honest people . ” the usurper ? ” , ” said athos , palpitating . paris , danglars ’ heart failed him , and he lived in constant fear of dantès ’ return on a mission of vengeance . he has fled ; let him <unk> is a <unk> offence . ” . bridle of athos ’ s horse and porthos that of aramis . vanity , d ’ artagnan at this moment joined an uneasiness much less selfish . have you forgotten the glances you favored me with at the ball of mme . certain	57.82444763183594
circumstances five minutes are five ages . ” ” ” we , that is , monsieur du vallon and i , hesitated a little . ” have you slept well ? ” ” said monte cristo . m. cavalcanti , i trust you will not leave before i have had the honor of presenting you to some of my friends . ” supposing he was at liberty , he was to rejoin her in france , at the convent of the carmelites at béthune . villefort ’ s heart ; he approached the doctor , and seizing his arm , — “ valentine , ” said he , “ it is valentine ’ s turn ! ” and terror , was in despair at his utter inability to	27.81358528137207
help his old domestic , whom he regarded more in the light of a friend than a servant . looked dull and preoccupied . on the floor , and it broke in pieces . a banker at lyons named particelli , who , after becoming a bankrupt , chose to change his name to emery ; and cardinal richelieu having discovered in him great financial aptitude , had introduced him with a strong recommendation to louis xiii . a man named brisemont died in my place . ” villefort , “ have you any enemies , at least , that you know . ” providing access to a work with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” associated with or appearing on the work , you must comply either	62.601356506347656
with the requirements of paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the project gutenberg™ trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . him . is this recipe ? ” asked debray . and only as a friend , at this moment . to the authorities at paris , and a week after he was carried off . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you are right . that , d ’ artagnan , ” said athos , coolly . and deep interest the young girl , absorbed by her affection , and he also , like morrel , followed those traces of inward suffering which was so little perceptible to a common observer that they escaped the	29.68359375
notice of everyone but the grandfather and the lover . mother , you can also die , and there will be an end of our misfortunes . ” century , turned toward the young man and grasped his arm . a motion of indescribable insolence . a frown ; and when he had finished , said , “ trifles , only trifles ! ” that was his favorite word . brave young man ; besides , your fortune may perhaps be the result of your devotedness . ” , “ there is quite a gap between that fate and the <unk> coronet you promised me , d ’ artagnan . ” which shot into the room through the open door , covered them with a flood of light	45.653160095214844
. puritan officers were seated was round , and whether by chance or coarse intention , harrison sat with his back to the king . the father could reach the room , the servants who were on the same floor had entered , and seeing valentine pale and motionless on her bed , they lifted up their hands towards heaven and stood transfixed , as though struck by <unk> . length had d ’ artagnan in her power , that she was present at his execution ; and it was the sight of his odious blood , flowing beneath the ax of the headsman , which spread that charming smile upon her lips . whole conversation morcerf had never once dared to ask if it was on his	77.86637878417969
own account that danglars recalled his word . is a puzzle for the learned , ” observed d ’ artagnan , “ until now they have never been able to agree as to the situation of paradise ; some place it on mount <unk> , others between the rivers tigris and euphrates ; it seems that they have been looking very far away for it , while it was actually very near . had just paid you 45,000 francs for the diamond i had given you , and you killed him to get the diamond and the money both , was that also poverty ? ” met with great crosses in love , and that a frightful treachery had forever poisoned the life of this gallant man .	93.82415771484375
” was with a poet . exclaimed , “ there remains still some of the magic draught . you ought to perceive , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ from the place in which you find me , that i am greatly changed in everything . ” said château-renaud , “ the count is your friend and you treat him accordingly . a card or <unk> . ” at the canebière . an hour , ” said d ’ artagnan , motioning to porthos not to contradict him . for myself among the rest , ” replied villefort . as that which had been the object of his journey was a fresh proof in support of the suspicions d ’ artagnan had conceived . lieutenant , their	34.16775894165039
captain since the night before . at anything , ” remarked porthos , sententiously , “ it is that it has not already happened . ” will be some one at hand to pick it up . ” you see so bad in it ? ” said d ’ artagnan . merely a letter of introduction . said the guard , “ i have simply mentioned the prophecy i heard from a man named coysel , who believes that , be he ever so closely watched and guarded , the duke of beaufort will escape before whitsuntide . ” be to god , we do not want , as monsieur can testify , for partridges , rabbits , carp or <unk> light , wholesome food , suitable for	74.53901672363281
the sick . ” his elbow and gazed with a frightened air at the monk , who became livid . jacopo ; “ but i have a shirt and a pair of trousers . ” . visitors through a sort of wicket ; and if their faces were unknown to him or displeased him , he replied that the abbé was not in paris , an answer which satisfied most persons , because the abbé was known to be a great traveller . of the <unk> guard , and the other flattened itself against a rock , after having passed within two inches of d ’ artagnan . them all about it . ” our brave captain leclere . ” you laid it aside ? ” i can	51.34873962402344
not make three copies of that letter , because it is sealed . that i am the mistress of the house , gentlemen ! child has obtained possession of a bottle containing some drug , which he every now and then uses against those who have displeased him . villefort ; “ you can now have confidence in me after what i have done . ” count , ” said albert gayly , arranging his cravat and wristbands , “ you are really most kind , and i hope you will consider me as under eternal obligations to you , in the first place for the carriage , and in the next for this visit , ” and he put out his hand to the count , who	43.638206481933594
shuddered as he gave his own , but who nevertheless did give it . anyone i preferred to you , and i have never loved anyone but you and my father . ” monsieur laporte , the queen ’ s _valet de chambre_ . ” , mother , but <unk> . . ” . their adieux in the presence of noirtier when a ring was heard at the <unk> . smiling countenance . on d ’ artagnan ’ s shoulders , and gazed at him with his calm , sad smile . going ; may you be happy , monsieur , ” and grimaud saluted and turned toward the door to go out . <unk> road is bordered by trees on both sides . ’ , ” continued	41.64093017578125
the cardinal , “ you performed sundry superb exploits in the last reign . ” it conveyed me from nice to genoa , from genoa to turin , from turin to chambéry , from chambéry to pont-de-beauvoisin , and from pont-de-beauvoisin to paris . ” for the general rally ? ” the vengeance of a jealous woman . who durst presume to doubt his words with the look of one equally surprised and displeased . driving his horses at their fullest speed , and follow madame danglars in her morning excursion . morrel pushing aside a loose plank , “ give me your hand in token of forgiveness of my anger ; my senses are confused , and during the last hour the most extravagant thoughts have passed	120.72579956054688
through my brain . eyes , with that long , fond look with which he had turned the angle of the street , she fell on her knees , and clasping her hands , “ oh , my god , ” cried she , “ protect the queen , protect me ! ” . ” ” he asked , “ the priest who here in the château d ’ if is generally thought to <unk> ? ” porthos takes very ill when he is not in funds ; but i know he must be so at present . ” ! , and married today at three o ’ clock ! villefort covered his face with his hands . morcerf , reddening slightly , “ i have left the	31.76470947265625
service , monsieur . such a thing possible ? ” , ” said aramis , “ i believe you meddle with my conversation . ” you are really a man of most superior understanding , ” said d ’ artagnan , with a look as if he spoke against his conviction . , to discover the hidden entrance . right , ” said athos ; “ here are our three leaves of absence which came from monsieur de tréville , and here are three hundred pistoles which came from i don ’ t know where . ! was to take place after her morning ’ s “ <unk> , ” at which , in accordance with his rights of birth , he was entitled to be present .	34.1715202331543
honor , is at the other end of the village ; i know it well . ” speechless ; then he remembered that these caves might have been filled up by some accident , or even stopped up , for the sake of greater security , by cardinal spada . of his having rendered a service to the count , raoul could not help turning his glance toward the young princess , and then he saw in her eyes an expression of infinite gratitude to the young man ; he no longer doubted that the daughter of king charles i. loved his friend . flush on the countenance of caderousse , who turned away , and the priest saw him wiping the tears from his eyes with the	39.7925910949707
corner of the red handkerchief twisted round his head . haydée , ” said the count , “ that from this moment you are absolutely free ; that here you exercise unlimited <unk> , and are at liberty to lay aside or continue the costume of your country , as it may suit your inclination . saw the figure of the corsican between the branches . he being the only person in the whole assemblage , except the king , the queen , and the duke of orleans , who slept <unk> . beauty alone remained . very uneasy at the turn which the letter was taking and paused to glance under his eyes at the young man . presence with the speed of a young man ;	56.106956481933594
his really sincere <unk> made him youthful again . arms he became almost supreme ruler of <unk> , epirus , and adjacent territory . of his legs , already a little fatigued , however , with the <unk> of the day , d ’ artagnan directed his course toward m. de tréville ’ s . see . ” cried d ’ artagnan , whose impatience was increased by the disregard of the authorities , “ athos , where is he ? ” , ” replied monte cristo . to help us ; we <unk> no one against his conscience , but we will compel you to act generously , even if you are not disposed to do so . ” of m. d ’ épinay ? ” replied	41.189613342285156
morrel . the castle , which it will be necessary to render impregnable in case of siege ; porthos will see to the provisions and aramis to the troops of the garrison . by these living walls , were in danger of being crushed against the <unk> of the wheels and the panels of the carriages . stream he stopped the boat , and suspending his burden over the water cried in a loud voice , “ let the justice of god be done ! ” and he let the corpse drop into the depths of the waters , which closed over it . replied felton ; “ he will not sail . ” amazement . ” muttered the cardinal , “ you have said enough ; where	42.860984802246094
is the treaty ? ” . ” the count , traversed a long series of apartments , in which the <unk> characteristics were heavy magnificence and the <unk> of ostentatious wealth , until he reached the boudoir of madame <unk> small <unk> room , hung with pink satin , covered with white indian muslin . ” said d ’ artagnan . mother to look at it when m. de saint-méran <unk> it for sale two or three years ago . ” ’ artagnan ? ” unjust to believe so ; but during the last two or three days i have obtained proof to the contrary , for which i thank <unk> it would have cost me very dear to think she had forgotten me . count withdrew ;	49.143829345703125
when he raised his head he saw disappearing down the passage nothing but a shadow , before which the bandits bowed . the other side of the wall ; the prisoner had discovered the danger , and had substituted a lever for a chisel . captain at <unk> elevated post ; you are about to marry a pretty girl , who loves you ; and these two pieces of good fortune may have excited the envy of someone . ” first bottle being a little thick at the bottom , brisemont poured the lees into a glass , and d ’ artagnan desired him to drink it , for the poor devil had not yet recovered his strength . remarkable things in him , that if you would	60.17081832885742
have me really say what i think , i shall reply that i really do look upon him as one of byron ’ s heroes , whom misery has marked with a fatal brand ; some manfred , some lara , some <unk> , one of those wrecks , as it were , of some ancient family , who , disinherited of their patrimony , have achieved one by the force of their adventurous genius , which has placed them above the laws of society . ” do you hear , henrietta ? cried ; “ i have found a horse ! ” it appears , are improved ; you have a capital <unk> own , i presume ? literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full	64.0181884765625
extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state ’ s laws . the abbess was a royalist or a cardinalist ; she therefore confined herself to a prudent middle course . let me take his place . ” albert , ” said debray , “ confess that your cook is behindhand , that the oysters have not arrived from ostend or <unk> , and that , like madame de <unk> , you are going to replace the dish by a story . do , monsieur bertuccio ; spare these gentlemen all such domestic arrangements . hand held out to him , and kissed it ardently . ” gnawed ! ” , “ amid all this , i have not yet been presented to mademoiselle eugénie danglars ,	72.97463989257812
whose acquaintance i should have been glad to make . were at dammartin , but it was then too late to make <unk> host of the <unk> de la <unk> had gone to bed . say that we had too much trouble in taking him to let him off so easily . ” he at length , “ i pray you to excuse my emotion , which must astonish you who are only accustomed to the happiness i meet here ; but <unk> is so new a sight to me , that i could never be weary of looking at yourself and your husband . ” that his dog had been killed by a drug with which they meant to poison him ; and one day after dinner	63.32575225830078
he went to bed , calling out that he had pains in his stomach and that mazarin had poisoned him . me his word , sir , ” said madame de villefort ; “ you have just seen him resolve to keep it when he has everything to lose , and surely there is more reason for his doing so where he has everything to gain . ” de bragelonne , ” answered raoul , blushing at being unable to name his father , as the count de guiche had done . for the others . athos and aramis and held out his hand to them . the door , and doing his utmost to restrain his anger he went at once to find beauchamp , who was	37.70624923706055
in his office . ’ s private treasury , ” answered d ’ artagnan , who , reckoning upon entering into the king ’ s service in consequence of this recommendation , believed he could make this somewhat hazardous reply without telling of a falsehood . baron , ” answered m. de boville ; “ the charities present themselves to you through me ; the widows and orphans <unk> me to receive alms to the amount of five millions from you . ” of musketeers , very poor , and journeys cost money . during which his prayers were frequent , if not <unk> . of the letter mazarin gave a side glance at him to see if he was watching the expression of his face as he	61.121463775634766
read . his pocket and said , ‘ we shall see what monsieur de tréville will think of this insult offered to his _protégé_ . ’ ” abbé , “ <unk> ” ” nature are above other <unk> from heaven courage to support greater misfortunes than those of lower rank , for their hearts are elevated as their fortunes . antechamber , above the door was visible a shield , which , by its rich ornaments and its harmony with the rest of the furniture , indicated the importance the owner attached to this blazon . has a very comfortable one all the same , so they say . ” to look magnificent in it , and chose that regiment only from vanity . ” corner , saw	92.66609954833984
them vanish from the first until the last but one . ? , and the plates of japanese china . midnight , and alighted at the <unk> of the golden lily . drum should be beaten , no trumpet sounded . keep a secret . ” justice , either , you ass ! the first to enter , was the last to leave . name , which maximilian is likely to render glorious , since at thirty years of age he is a captain , an officer of the legion of honor . ” flourish , everything is in confusion , and the traveler is a victim to the <unk> of his host . that you are anxious to kill some of us . ” of the ancient	52.57478713989258
jailers were still there ; but they had all been <unk> , or had passed on to some other employment . ? ” inquired the guest , as caderousse placed before him the bottle of wine and a glass . as hard a canter as their horses could maintain . to everyone as you have to me ? ” down ; near them were saddles and bridles . mme . joy . ” said d ’ artagnan . ” she said , “ and look for yourself . ” we say ; she never goes to bed before midnight . ” the morning morcerf was conducted to his apartments , where a bath and supper were prepared . situation of the musketeer had nothing in it to render	58.6553955078125
his friends uneasy , his weakness having been purely and simply caused by loss of blood . it at the period which i knew him , ” said monte cristo , touched to the heart by the accents of julie ’ s voice ; “ but , perhaps , since then he has had proofs that gratitude does exist . ” d ’ avrigny in the same pitiless tone , — “ m . mazarin . ” surrender the harnesses . ” he , “ do you suppose for a moment that a man can sustain a physical shock , such as m. noirtier has received , without any <unk> to his mental faculties ? ” spite of morcerf , that not only is the count the object	55.07044219970703
of interest at this present moment , but also that he will continue to be so for a month longer if he pleases to exhibit an eccentricity of conduct which , after all , may be his ordinary mode of existence . ” he heard his own name pronounced distinctly . in <unk> even in your father . ” the cardinal , the queen resumed her way to the chamber in which she had dressed , and where she was to take off her costume . august 23 , 1628 porthos , “ if any one had told you in the old times that the day would come when planchet would rescue rochefort and that you would protect him in it—— ” athos , quickly , ” said	69.11898040771484
d ’ artagnan . up our luggage , planchet , and let us be off . few words in private . ” said milady , with a persistence that proved she wished to see clearly to the end of the mission with which she was about to be charged , “ if he persists ? ” what rival ? know two things ; what was the second ? ” over my face , but i was intoxicated , i was delirious , and the blood refreshed , instead of burning me . ” thought he , “ will make a great sensation at m. de saint-méran ’ s ; ” and he arranged mentally , while dantès awaited further questions , the <unk> by which orators often create	59.409156799316406
a reputation for eloquence . d ’ artagnan , taking the man for a thief and seizing his sword . first . ” said danglars , laughing , “ it would do her a great deal of good . ” , tell him all ; his consent would be your justification in god ’ s sight . caderousse , “ they had made me drink to such an excess that i nearly lost all <unk> . winter lied , and she was the more alarmed . young man asked himself , whom the demon of jealousy already gnawed , being in heart neither more nor less than an accepted lover . and a flask of monte <unk> , was the bill of fare . the monks would be	71.5992660522461
rendered aware that temptation was besieging a brother , and all the <unk> would go to prayers . barrel of a pistol was presented at his breast and these words were pronounced : . back to him ? ” said d ’ artagnan . ? ” <unk> apartment , such as journalists ’ offices have always been from time <unk> . his _atelier_ , which was , as we have said , his favorite apartment . you give me , ” asked she , “ if i consent to confide this message to you ? ” and the lips , which had not yet regained their color , were particularly thin ; in fact , the deep and crafty look , giving a <unk> expression to the child	67.40029907226562
’ s face , belonged rather to a boy of twelve or fourteen than to one so young . , “ ah , madame coquenard ! ” replied franz , “ as i shall raise none , you may make arrangements when you please ; i have pledged my word , and shall feel pleasure and happiness in adhering to it . ” utter impossibility of escaping through your dungeon ? ” ” said felton , “ i doubted , but now i believe . ” she was the daughter of a simple fisherman , beautiful but <unk> . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i should indeed <unk> with you had i not at this moment something very pressing to attend to . ” yes .	50.795467376708984
” idea into your head ? ” confidence makes you honorable in my opinion ; and your princely father , is he rich , very rich ? ” by musketeers of a very superb appearance , and knowing that these musketeers belong to monsieur de tréville , and were consequently enemies of the cardinal , i thought that you and your friends , while rendering justice to your poor queen , would be pleased to play his eminence an ill turn . ” ” said monsieur de retz ; “ they are looking at us. ” and leaving aramis he went to talk with madame de chevreuse , who was in the midst of a large group . step was heard in the vestibule . be alarmed ,	48.770503997802734
you will only have lost him as you have lost your daughter ; i mean that i shall be travelling on one of the thirty or forty roads leading out of france . killed the insolent fellow . over the corpse , enter the boudoir , take the child in his arms , and flee far , far away . in his arms and was carrying her toward the boat . here by cardinal mazarin , and at this moment represent both the king and the cardinal , and are , therefore , as ambassadors , able to act with impunity , a thing that general oliver cromwell , who is assuredly as great a politician as he is a general , is quite the man to understand	73.1023178100586
. beaufort can contrive to <unk> himself into a little bird , i will continue <unk> for him . ” seven o ’ clock , and , before anyone had arrived , asked one of the door-keepers to place me in a box . my lord ! take my pay at this moment , to the full extent of my wishes . ” beg . storm is over , ’ said he . mousqueton were here he could tell you to a <unk> . ” ” fellow ; and i had already thought of your interests in the event of poor edmond having become captain of the _pharaon_ . ” his companion come out . ” longer time and may make a greater disturbance , but you will	38.426971435546875
be outside with swords and will rush in at the proper time . ” accompanied by a <unk> which seemed to crack the very <unk> , attracted the attention of m. d ’ avrigny ; he left m. noirtier , and returned to the sick man . fear , my friend , ” said morrel , raising his head , and smiling with a sweet expression on the count ; “ i shall no longer attempt my life . ” . , of that great , that sublime <unk> ” kind of sentry box out of a hollow willow , and as they drew near he put his head out and gave a low whistle . will not fail to do so . ” ; they said it	31.512697219848633
was bad money . ” ” replied chatillon , in so low a voice that though the two friends were listening eagerly they could hardly hear this affirmation . and opening the door exclaimed in a voice choked with sobs : from penelon ’ s recital , of the captain ’ s brave conduct during the storm , and tried to console him . tell him this , rochefort . ” supper . act of combing his beard , which he had allowed to grow , as well as his hair , in order to reproach mazarin with his wretched appearance and condition . had ceased , and the silence was frightful . the leader in a whisper , “ god bless his majesty ! ” and all	57.46409606933594
these men , who had entered enraged , passed from anger to pity and blessed the royal infant in their turn . monsieur le chevalier , if ever i am <unk> ” we italians have eyes only for the man we love ? ” no , i declare it is not ! ” cried the young girl , while raoul turned pale at the idea of his being perhaps the cause of her disaster . him for nearly ten minutes , and in these ten minutes the immovable guardian never turned round once . ; they are three frondists , who are gone to rejoin the duc de longueville . ” la rochelle appeared impregnable . , very well ; but , meantime , send for monsieur the	76.30738830566406
keeper of the seals . be , the eloquence of the grandson of henry iv . manner can i make advances first ? ” on the bench nearest to the pillar against which porthos leaned , a sort of ripe beauty , rather yellow and rather dry , but erect and haughty under her black hood . the cardinal himself who had first traced them , in order that they might serve as a guide for his nephew in the event of a catastrophe , which he could not foresee would have been so complete . ? ” , porthos , but for one thing , which may change the current of your ideas ; and that is , that it is not those gentlemen who are in	69.33747863769531
the greatest danger , it is ourselves ; it is not to abandon them that we have separated , but to avoid compromising them . ” bonacieux , “ this is not monsieur d ’ artagnan whom you show me . ” i have not here , as i had there , the ponds of monsieur le prince , where i could catch those beautiful carp , nor the forests of his highness to provide me with partridges . good , ” said château-renaud . wish ? , gentlemen , my most faithful friends ; you have proved it . ” said the young man , “ am a <unk> least , my masters used to tell me so ; but it is strange that my voice never	50.38215255737305
would suit any other , and a soprano less than any . ” common gray blouse and velvet cap , but his carefully arranged hair , beard and moustache , all of the richest and <unk> black , ill accorded with his plebeian attire . why you come to disturb my tranquillity ? ” ’ clock in the afternoon when raoul arrived at compiegne ; there he dined heartily and again inquired about the young gentleman who was in advance of them . , for his madness is amusing . ” the count reached no . , “ good advice , advice of a friend . through the passage . morrel , whose uneasiness was increased by this examination , “ you wish to speak to me ?	66.83699035644531
” ’ clock , ” said madame de villefort , evidently agitated . the young man , “ it is on account of an accident which has happened to our little neighbor . ” , down with all the people i have mentioned , each in his turn . yet ready to receive it . ” their calmness , your countenance recovers its assurance . that the instrument of death would make if moved upon the block . the head of the guards , marched first ; then came the royal carriage , with d ’ artagnan on one side , porthos on the other ; then the musketeers , for two and twenty years staunch friends of d ’ artagnan . it seemed fit for table ,	42.596492767333984
and preserved its wholesome appearance . to do nothing , since you exacted a promise from these gentlemen not to let mazarin know that we were in france . ” . ” the bosom of the ocean with imposing majesty and seemed to <unk> the scene . do that . ” artagnan took the pistols which were upon the front seat , placed them in his belt , wrapped himself in his cloak , and not wishing to enter by the same gate as that through which they had left , he took his way toward the richelieu gate . silence would be followed by a fiery outburst . <unk> of painted wood and at a short distance from her stands the young girl , leaning against a	52.68733215332031
chair , weeping . a warm one , ” said planchet , in a warlike tone . a noise in the drawing-room , and went to open the door himself . with surprise . retract , you ought at least to give him the opportunity of doing it of his own free will , —the satisfaction to you will be the same . <unk> ” valentine smiled , but it was evident that she suffered . gesture . it is one of my friends who loves <unk> athos , this gentleman here . ” answer him otherwise ; he was polite to me and i was so to him . ” dread of a pen , a bottle of ink , and a sheet of paper , than	45.676414489746094
of a sword or pistol . ” something must be left to chance . monsieur , unless something new should happen . ” importance as to overcome all preoccupation . . room the young man was carelessly stretched on a sofa , tapping his boot with the <unk> cane which he held in his hand . not see her . ” for obtaining a copy of or access to a project gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement , you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.e.8 . of it against the time when you may be in command . ” see mademoiselle noirtier	38.565773010253906
de villefort assuming the title of madame franz d ’ épinay . ” , and ali and myrtho will accompany you <unk> you desire to go . ? ” interrupted mme . will , aramis ? ” and see , ” added the lackey , raising the <unk> entrance of the tent . yield to gloomy apprehensions , ” said the young man ; “ i assure you we are , or rather we shall be , very happy . of 175,000 livres . would have their <unk> in the cabinet of the louvre , where they had as yet but partisans ; and he , richelieu—the french minister , the national <unk> be ruined . something by scandal , notwithstanding your millions . i have . to	52.697669982910156
her . neighed . again , nearer and more distinct . <unk> the scaffold ! said albert , “ do you think we are going to run about on foot in the streets of rome , like lawyers ’ clerks ? ” hundred paces , more or less , they came to a <unk> , which they <unk> . least hesitation , but rather with alacrity , and , mounting the steps at a bound , entered the hotel ; five seconds afterwards he was at the door of the room . silence succeeded these words . it ; he found it firm , solid , and compact enough to bear any weight . and aramis began to cut up fowls , partridges and hams with admirable skill	68.10400390625
. a thoughtful glance . artagnan was <unk> with his company . and it takes a considerable effort , much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements . particular , had a perpetual buzzing in his ears , which porthos explained thus : “ a very great lady has told me that this means that somebody is talking of you somewhere . ” him . . to speak to his mother , danglars to converse with young cavalcanti ; monte cristo was for an instant alone . roman crowns ? ” about it ? ” asked anne of austria , with a movement of impatience . ! at compiègne , well remembered by those who have ever been there . . ” not	48.403236389160156
hesitate ; but i really pity this poor comte de wardes , since you have ceased to love him . d ’ artagnan ; “ what signifies a delay of half an hour ? . of the vessel , ” replied morrel , “ that was his duty as captain ’ s mate ; as to losing a day and a half off the island of elba , he was wrong , unless the vessel needed repairs . ” that i am now thinking . background . ; you may speak of her country and of her youthful reminiscences , or if you like it better you can talk of rome , naples , or florence . ” masks , who strove to snatch each other ’ s	52.277225494384766
torches . earth before being an angel in heaven . count , has m. danglars any reason ? ” ! ” replied morrel , with another struggle , which , like the first , failed in releasing him from the count ’ s iron grasp . the minister renders your authority great on the subject of political news ; you never open your mouth but the <unk> immediately <unk> your words . may you have to say against this name ? ” inquired albert ; “ it is a very pretty name , and the adventures of the gentleman of that name amused me very much in my youth , i must confess . ” opportunity to give the duke this proof of his devotion , and the	61.91071701049805
young woman and the handsome musketeer entered the louvre by the wicket of the echelle without any interference . demanded silence . of his door , and almost directly an old lady entered , <unk> , carrying her shawl on her arm , and her bonnet in her hand . experience a little uneasiness . said monte cristo , “ you have lost nearly 1,700,000 francs this month . ” the bracket with the writing of the certificate placed beneath morrel ’ s petition , and discovered that the note in the bracket was the same writing as the <unk> is to say , was in villefort ’ s handwriting . by the ladder . make up for the sword . ” not asked you that , ”	55.17002868652344
said aramis , with his subtle manner ; “ but i have expected you to tell me . ” ambitious , but too young to be corrupt . , ” interrupted the king ; “ for all that was done for our service . ” french , half oriental , set off his graceful and stalwart figure , and his broad chest was decorated with the order of the legion of honor . found you humble and penitent , i might have prevented benedetto from killing you ; but i found you proud and <unk> , and i left you in the hands of god . ” let us be off , gentlemen , let us be off ! ” ; one gets to like , without knowing	49.269805908203125
it , all those beautiful objects that god causes to spring from the earth , which are despised in cities . door without perceiving he was being followed ; the sand with which the alleys were covered deadened the sound of footsteps . promptness , and the coadjutor spent with them a part of the night . deprive you of those three millions , ” said danglars ; “ but do not fear it . them the key of his <unk> least such was the apparent motive of his visit . to return ? ” , because you are as conversant with my affairs as i am ; indeed , i think you understand them better , since i am ignorant of what has become of a considerable	56.24263000488281
portion of my fortune , once very tolerable , while i am sure , madame , that you know perfectly well . ’ artagnan has something to say to me privately , have you not , d ’ artagnan ? ” ” replied monte cristo . , ” returned albert ; “ italian cigars are horrible . ’ brow . this <unk> to all except athos he was unknown . a man who was quite destitute struck even porthos ; and this french generosity , repeated by lord de winter and his friend , was highly applauded , except by mm . , monsieur dulaurier . the noise of the keys ; he remained on horseback , feeling no inclination to dismount , and sat looking at the	53.918914794921875
bars , at the <unk> windows and the immense walls he had hitherto only seen from the other side of the moat , but by which he had for twenty years been <unk> . himself , so rapid is the flight of our dreams upon the wings of imagination , accosted by a messenger from the young woman , who brought him some billet <unk> a meeting , a gold chain , or a diamond . one yonder of a gascon look . amongst the descendants some were soldiers , others diplomatists ; some churchmen , some bankers ; some grew rich , and some were ruined . her room , resigned her to the care of her attendants , and returning to his study , which he	93.35829162597656
shut quickly this time , he again copied the destroyed will . , am i not ? , who lifted him up like a feather , arrived at the top . he saw him move , was the first to go up to him . cause which procures me the pleasure of seeing m. de morcerf so early ? ” think i did ? engaged in examining the ladder , the mind of dantès was , in fact , busily occupied by the idea that a person so intelligent , ingenious , and <unk> as the abbé might probably be able to solve the dark mystery of his own misfortunes , where he himself could see nothing . the ring , giving it again to athos . for	71.515869140625
money . ” said he , “ i shall know with whom i have to <unk> ” they opened the door and the four men alighted . ’ ” dying , my lord ? ” said she . mostly pass at italian theatres ; that is , not in listening to the music , but in paying visits and conversing . has not a fatal chance revealed all this ? that this woman should die thus ! ” ” said he ; “ she must have returned to the louvre . ” and the laughing recommenced . use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever . ” artagnan , ” said aramis	36.52543640136719
, “ don ’ t be too angry with me , i beg . ” said d ’ artagnan . to place it in position . such a wild fellow , ” continued he , “ making himself a mazarinist and helping to arrest broussel ! ” put in porthos . his release , and all will be said , ” replied the cardinal . very <unk> , it is very good ! ” said louise , looking at her with admiration ; “ but that beautiful black hair , those magnificent <unk> , which made all the ladies sigh with envy , —will they go under a man ’ s hat like the one i see down there ? ” man ; i will depart from the	42.00038528442383
strict line of my duty to aid you in discovering the author of this accusation . had traveled for five or six hours without a rider the day before , might have been able to pursue the journey ; but by an inconceivable error the <unk> surgeon , who had been sent for , as it appeared , to bleed one of the host ’ s horses , had bled mousqueton ’ s . addressed my scruples asked me where your father had acquired his property ? the men to allow sword wounds to be inflicted upon you thus , ” said the cardinal . , ” stammered lucien . of former days . ” i always said you were a fine fellow , and it is a	65.94822692871094
blessing when good fortune happens to such as you . effect to that which mordaunt had anticipated . real facts . the chapel in order not to lose sight of his man ; and as he had almost forgotten his prayers and had omitted to take a book with him , he made use of his time in gazing at bazin . but one ; the other was an instrument , that was all . ” whispered to the king : “ it is the comte de la fere and his friends . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ you come once more to save my life , not only mine but that of these gentlemen . none of them drink , ” said athos	40.364505767822266
, looking at him with pity , “ and yet this is one of the best ! ” , by my troth , i shall always remember those three nights with a certain pleasure . ” the cardinal , in an indifferent tone , “ the only thing to be sought for at this moment is some woman , handsome , young , and clever , who has cause of quarrel with the duke . then ? ” said the voice . fifty pistoles to the hostess for our expenses , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and share the three hundred . ” . ” ’ artagnan , who entered the courtyard on horseback , bernouin rubbed his eyes and thought he must be mistaken .	30.263463973999023
” few leagues from villars-cotterets . danglars , whose weak mind was at first quite overwhelmed with the weight of this pitiless logic , marking evident <unk> and force of will , “ what is your reason for this refusal , eugénie ? , during which monte cristo gazed intently on the picture . to date contact information can be found at the foundation ’ s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact his lips . affect indifference , but confess you were pleased to have it . ” ” in his closet ; milady called , undressed , sent away kitty , and shut the door . mediterranean ? ” to porthos , faith , that ’ s a droll affair ! ” this strange chain of domestic	81.4234619140625
afflictions , followed by the no less strange death of his daughter—— ” d ’ artagnan . desk and d ’ artagnan proceeded to examine his face , as he had just examined the letter he held , but the envelope which covered his countenance appeared as impenetrable as that which covered the letter . ’ artagnan to approach , and he obeyed . , sir , it was a touching spectacle to see these young creatures , destined by their talents for higher stations , <unk> together , and through their unwillingness to change any of the customs of their paternal house , taking six years to accomplish what less scrupulous people would have effected in two or three . he , “ this matter will want	74.98466491699219
a good deal of talking over ; a retractation is always a serious thing , you know . ? ” asked felton , whose looks became excited . at the door . the traveller reached the <unk> . foot , for my horse was dead . honoré , and in the place du palais-cardinal they found the twelve invited musketeers , walking about in expectation of their comrades . ” asked porthos . fault , my good ali , ” said the count in the arabic language , and with a gentleness none would have thought him capable of showing , either in voice or face— “ it is not your fault . more , ” said she . a great effort stumbled a few steps , then	46.62764358520508
fell at the feet of noirtier , and resting his hand on the knee of the invalid , exclaimed : rabbit dies , and justice takes no notice . calm his fears , —and instead of dwelling upon the political future that had so often been the subject of his ambitious dreams , was imagining a future limited to the enjoyments of home , in fear of awakening the enemy that had so long slept , —the noise of a carriage sounded in the yard , then he heard the steps of an aged person ascending the stairs , followed by tears and lamentations , such as servants always give vent to when they wish to appear interested in their master ’ s grief . speak boldly ,	112.91388702392578
” replied louis . other side of the french frontier , and offer him hospitality at bourges . ” what for , gentlemen ? ” said the cardinal ; “ you know i don ’ t like <unk> . ” , very far , and perhaps the commission with which you charge me is not without dangers ? ” my affairs , ” said mazarin , “ since you will tell me naught of yours . m. d ’ avrigny , “ it may come slowly ; you will see it approach after having struck your father , your wife , perhaps your son . ” the steps that i expect you to pursue . ; sign the liberation of milady de winter , ” said felton ,	44.78679275512695
holding out a paper to the duke . could not be mistaken in this one thing . fortune ! ” necessary to affect weakness and <unk> a very difficult task for so finished an actress as milady . villefort , “ was it you who bought m. de saint-méran ’ s house ! ” the palace , casting upon the cardinal such a glance as is best understood by mortal foes . had my three friends here , ” cried he , “ i should have , at least , some hopes of finding her ; but who knows what has become of them ? ” his father . ” all day , not daring to return to his friend , thinking thus to defer the moment when	48.81230163574219
he should be convinced , once for all , that the abbé was <unk> a conviction would be so terrible ! , he renewed his offers of an engagement to dantès ; but dantès , who had his own projects , would not agree for a longer time than three months . much a thing is heightened in value when we obtain possession of it ? ” seen , through a crevice in his closet , that the whole apartment was in obscurity , than he slipped out of his concealment , at the very moment when kitty reclosed the door of communication . gentlemen . door . presentiments if our existences did not touch at the heart ? , when the cardinal and his party passed through	65.28914642333984
it , was crowded by an assemblage who , standing in groups , discussed the edicts of that memorable day . calm , at least in appearance . ” prisoner took in the apartment in its <unk> details . ” cried he , “ and why does he come ? ” of your birth . passing among the living ; but he had so long ceased to have any intercourse with the world , that he looked upon himself as dead . ” cried d ’ artagnan . and began to hunt over the island with the air of a man who is fulfilling a duty , rather than enjoying a pleasure ; and at the end of a quarter of an hour he had killed a goat	43.52674102783203
and two kids . fallen into the trap yourselves . , they are falling into their appointed order ; and when , again , our attention is directed to them , we are surprised at the progress they have made towards the proposed end . ” la fere to come to me , ” said madame de chevreuse , “ i want to speak to him . ” service , and still more my servants . ” , that we may act well and quickly . ” know this man . ” ’ s hand between his . morrel , “ you are the epitome of all human knowledge , and you seem like a being descended from a wiser and more advanced world than ours . ”	46.823970794677734
was indeed critical , and recent events had added to his difficulties . , five minutes , ” said monte cristo to himself ; “ it is more time than i require . , m. morrel , my thanks are due . got the idea of his famous machine from witnessing an execution in italy . ! ” said d ’ artagnan . the steps before the house he heard a voice say : he added , smiling , “ you have done enough in my service , and if you have any personal matters to settle it is just that i should give you time . ” had been entirely overlooked in the plan arranged and followed out by m. danglars and his architect , who had	51.25178527832031
been selected to aid the baron in the great work of <unk> solely because he was the most fashionable and celebrated <unk> of the day . executioner ’ s assistants . supported , the young man was not without a little uneasiness as he ascended the great staircase , step by step . . met at brussels rochefort , the <unk> <unk> of the cardinal disguised as a capuchin , and that this cursed rochefort , thanks to his disguise , had <unk> monsieur de <unk> , like a ninny as he is . ” , followed by m. de villefort . who had been crouching in a ditch jumped up and came towards them . to be a furious mazarinist . ” without waiting for one ,	61.3497428894043
but he called me back and gave me this ; ” and he presented a little leather bag , plump and giving out a golden <unk> . to be gone through , and which are always the same . ! of mousqueton , ” said grimaud ; and he gave his arm to his old comrade , whose eyes were full of tears , nor could grimaud tell whether the tears were caused by wounds or by the pleasure of seeing him again . , it is true ; well , but what does that matter ? ” said monte cristo , “ you appear to be in no way disappointed in the son whom your good fortune has restored to you . ” by a single family	48.3366584777832
, the room door was <unk> with glass ; but it was locked , maximilian was shut in , and it was impossible to see what was passing in the room , because a red curtain was drawn before the glass . has come back , ” said athos ; “ and we can now hear how the poor child is . ” how long a time ! —he had refrained from talking of the treasure , which had brought upon the abbé the accusation of madness . a minister , my lord ; you are a prisoner . ” ” is just arrived in paris , bringing the news of m. de saint-méran ’ s death , which took place on the first stage after he left	38.84695816040039
marseilles . ” chamber ; he made up his mind not to take a single step to equip himself . manage to keep out of difficulties . the last irresolution in the heart of d ’ artagnan . to the young woman , who advanced towards him with clasped hands and a smile upon her lips . she , “ do not smile ; it ill <unk> with the expression of your countenance , and i am sure it does not spring from your heart . he continued aloud , “ was he ever heard of afterwards ? ” sweat creep down his back . ran through the assembly ; and at this moment , albert , had nothing more transpired , your father ’ s cause had	42.179691314697266
been gained . <unk> away , to <unk> is good for the king ’ s musketeers ! ” , my dear count , ” said albert , “ for following you here , and i must first tell you that it was not the fault of your servants that i did so ; i alone am to blame for the indiscretion . ” athos ; we are not so far gone as that , ” replied the lieutenant . regard to myself , my lord , it can not be so , for i was removed from the chatelet to the bastile owing to an order from your eminence . ” on horseback , appeared on the edge of the wood ; three of them appeared to be	27.536264419555664
looking for the fugitive , while the fourth dragged a brigand prisoner by the neck . me . ” whispered the poor mercer . i left him , i seem to have lost my senses . ; i promise you not to persuade them to stay . ” , he took care not to give the least sign of existence . promise of becoming captain . ” for kitty to leave the room . <unk> ! ” ? ” asked milady . ? ” asked the count . understand me ! know how to write , reverend sir . ” its ferocity in the second generation . king has <unk> leven ’ s highlanders . ” is horrible , sir . speak of them , have you not	33.16865539550781
, my friend ? ” but he is very avaricious ; that is his fault . the musketeer , as if he had received a ball in his heart . . as good a horseman as he was to risk such a scheme , for no sooner had the animal felt the burning tinder than he uttered a cry of pain and reared and jumped as if he had been mad . which began , step by step , foot by foot ; unhappily , in an instant he fell , mortally wounded . the president , seeing that charles was determined to remain silent , “ so be it . happy period of life . of my guardian ? ” he , “ first allow me to	60.87498474121094
embrace you as your daughter did just <unk> ” noirtier ’ s expression could not be understood . two hundred thousand francs , madame , ” said monte cristo ; “ but that is a trifle , since it enables me to justify myself to you . ” , as he was wont to do in moments of <unk> and vexation , on his bed . will some day leave it ? ” said la ramee . horses and arrived , in fact , at about five o ’ clock in the morning . care be mine , and be at ease . ” i beg your pardon ! ” exclaimed raoul , ashamed of so much attention ; “ in an instant i shall be dressed .	30.536724090576172
” have related to me is exceedingly interesting , ” said monte cristo , observing the young man with a gloomy satisfaction ; “ and you have done well to conform in everything to the wishes of my friend sinbad ; for your father is indeed here , and is seeking you . ” ” returned bertuccio ; “ you will see that i had no time to learn it . ” ! then ; and since he has chosen me as his interpreter , i will be faithful to the trust , and will not alter a word of his intentions . ” to his heart . return our best thanks for his courtesy . ” , ” continued franz gravely . wake and dress the king	36.57063293457031
, and then pass on to the marechal de villeroy and summon him to me . ” ” returned franz , “ your answer is sublime , and worthy the ‘ <unk> him <unk> , ’ of <unk> , only , when horace made that answer , the safety of rome was concerned ; but , as for us , it is only to gratify a whim , and it would be ridiculous to risk our lives for so foolish a motive . ” in their cells ; but they did not do so with m. bonacieux . my lord , to imprison her majesty ’ s musketeers . ” a vocabulary of the words i knew ; turned , returned , and arranged them , so as	43.08391571044922
to enable me to express my thoughts through their medium . , ” replied milady , driven into her <unk> , “ that i have not the honor of knowing her personally ; but i know a great number of her most intimate friends . help porthos , if porthos needed help ; but porthos , for his part , had done his work as conscientiously as d ’ artagnan . relate all this aloud , you would have the greatest success . ” he , turning to the two friends , “ will , i trust , do me the honor to breakfast with me ? ” s shape and the top of his musket ; that made me draw in my head so quickly , for	42.95243835449219
i was fearful he might also see me . ” , <unk> , quite short . ” woman ? ” he said . his hole , laid himself down on the floor at full length , and listened . you are young and beautiful ; forget even my name , and be happy . ” give me credit for this , madame ; it was done by the romans , who much esteemed them , and <unk> relates that they sent slaves from ostia to rome , who carried on their heads fish which he calls the <unk> , and which , from the description , must probably be the <unk> . word , ” said she in a concentrated voice , “ not a word of all	51.128746032714844
that i have said to you to this man , or i am lost , and it would be <unk> ” circumstances , i am justified in doubting the wisdom of an old man who , because he hated the father , <unk> his anger on the son . crime you are to-day engaged ? as the preceding one , perhaps even more animated and noisy ; the count appeared for an instant at his window , but when they again passed he had disappeared . he should henceforth recruit his musketeers from among the guards of monsieur the cardinal . ” said d ’ artagnan , seizing the letter . said the prisoner , in french . with his sword , cut in two the poor wretch	44.44255828857422
who had laughed . about an hour in these preparations , he opened the door of the room in which the vicomte slept , and entered . ? ” paris , had <unk> and provisions thrown over the walls . laid him on a couch . mousqueton ? ” ” said he , “ i hope all is over , explained and settled . ” ” but do you not remember that he spoke of the fact to you ? ” of that which he had experienced in going from time to time to visit his family . receiving this address in the favorable manner which morcerf had expected , knit his brow , and without inviting the count , who was still standing , to take a	38.37580108642578
seat , he said : very handsome , ” said porthos ; “ and look , too , though he is a prisoner , how carefully he is dressed . vive ! ” cried d ’ artagnan . carried out the grave-diggers should discover that they were bearing a live instead of a dead body , dantès did not intend to give them time to recognize him , but with a sudden cut of the knife , he meant to open the sack from top to bottom , and , profiting by their alarm , escape ; if they tried to catch him , he would use his knife to better purpose . , perchance , ” replied the banker ; “ for he comes so seldom ,	53.703224182128906
it would seem only chance that brings him . ” , ” said athos , who began to be annoyed by this inquisition , “ give me , i beg you , the proof that you have the right to question me . ” and pensive , hardly knowing what to think of the <unk> , <unk> , with which his host related the brief narrative . down the grand staircase . ” warned , vicomte . ” resumed the king . decided , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that what i have to offer to you does not tempt you ? ” aramis , “ nothing . ” to franz , who now understood the objection of the messenger to coming up into the apartment	36.630924224853516
; the street was safer for him . of two things must have happened ; he must either have fallen flat , in which case the blow , from a height of ninety feet , must have killed him instantly , or he must have fallen upright , and then the weight would have dragged him to the bottom , where he <unk> fellow ! ” ? ” , and d ’ artagnan took his place in the midst of his comrades . so . ” , from the <unk> of the birds to the smile of the mistress , breathed tranquillity and repose . suggest one idea to you ? ” conquer , as she had hitherto done , men prompt to let themselves be seduced ,	61.35026931762695
and whom the gallant education of a court led quickly into her net . sir . ” her , and have an explanation with her . . ” king charles ; to you he was only a foreigner and you were not obliged to love him . ” good opportunity for escape ; he called out his name and cried for help . but surrounded with all the <unk> of war . he say then ? ” yes , ” signed the paralytic , casting on valentine a look of joyful gratitude for having guessed his meaning . taken possession of him than he became more composed , arranged his couch to the best of his power , ate little and slept less , and found existence almost	78.02010345458984
supportable , because he felt that he could throw it off at pleasure , like a worn-out garment . not chilled your blood . that render your nation superior to any other , ” returned monte cristo . ” said franz , turning to him , while albert continued to point his glass at every box in the theatre , “ you seem determined not to approve ; you are really too difficult to please . ” and respectfully approached the prelate and spoke to him privately a few words , to which the latter responded by an affirmative sign . if it suits me . nothing ? ” asked the abbé . to tell you so ? part of this project gutenberg™ electronic work , you indicate	62.76344680786133
that you have read , understand , agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property ( trademark/copyright ) agreement . lifted himself up , fell back upon his bed . nor does it much disquiet me . ” that at the court they are ill-disposed to him , i wish to warn him , that he may be on his guard . ” bottle , poured some drops of the mixture it contained in the hollow of his hand , and swallowed them . and we shall overtake him ! ” felt exactly the same sensation at sight of that man when he said , ‘ why do you ask me that ? ’ and looked so strangely at me . ” not	55.04838562011719
striking , as the queen since her marriage had slept badly and wept much . spurred their steeds and took the road to paris . francs or thereabouts <unk> on their securities , and we are a little uneasy at reports that have reached us that the firm is on the brink of ruin . world , then , one man who , having the power to ask , <unk> ! ” i have suffered enough surely ! see me again ? ” his house into a <unk> , as the germans term it . valuable diamond , but it is an enchanted talisman . ” amazed and stupefied to find that these foreigners , without other motive than that which their conscience imposed on them , thus	89.36066436767578
combated the will of a people and the destiny of a king . filled with roman peasants . ” old days that made the present so excessively delightful , and the blow was so great he rushed out , overcome , and forgot to shut the door . lamp , i can see nothing now . ” is too dangerous a place for me to wish him to retain it . aramis , “ the details escape me . ” not know what is seventeen months in prison ! <unk> ages rather , especially to a man who , like me , had arrived at the summit of his <unk> a man , who , like me , was on the point of marrying a woman he adored	52.69313430786133
, who saw an honorable career opened before him , and who loses all in an <unk> sees his prospects destroyed , and is ignorant of the fate of his affianced wife , and whether his aged father be still living ! only a slave ? ” strength , drink ! ” and she put the glass to the lips of the young woman , who drank mechanically . continued , renewing his fruitless search ; “ it shall not be said that such devotion to a grandson of henry iv . make a complete transformation in his appearance . to ! sir . ” the turnkey , “ there was no occasion for watching him ; he would have stayed here fifty years , i ’ ll	65.90550231933594
answer for it , without any attempt to escape . ” to marry , not for your sake , for indeed i did not think of you in the least at the moment ( you admire candor , and will now be satisfied , i hope ) ; but because it suited me to marry you as soon as possible , on account of certain commercial speculations i am desirous of entering <unk> ” eugénie became uneasy . extraordinary ascendancy monte cristo exercised over everything around him , did not endeavor to resist it . of haitians ? ” said monte cristo . give me a lesson , porthos ? ” cried aramis , from whose usually mild eye a flash passed like lightning . you will .	57.32460403442383
” ignorant of lord de winter ’ s designs upon me ? ” of their replies could throw any light on the subject , porthos called the host and asked for dice . as if it had been a burning brazier . secret known but to one ’ s self and the <unk> have ears but no tongue ; but if a large fortune produces happiness , danglars is happy . ” ? ” , what is to be done ? ” said the young man . man , scarcely sixteen years of age , now white with anger . have made himself familiar with his surroundings . hedge he recognized the <unk> gascon ; and as he had already perceived that these men were musketeers , he	57.38307189941406
did not doubt that the three others were those called the inseparables ; that is to say , athos , porthos , and aramis . debray who reads , and beauchamp who <unk> , every day , ‘ a member of the jockey club has been stopped and robbed on the boulevard ; ’ ‘ four persons have been assassinated in the rue st. denis ’ or ‘ the faubourg st. germain ; ’ ‘ ten , fifteen , or twenty thieves , have been arrested in a <unk> on the boulevard du temple , or in the <unk> de <unk> , ’ —and yet these same men deny the existence of the bandits in the <unk> , the campagna di <unk> , or the <unk> marshes .	64.51543426513672
the letter to lord de winter and he has read it , you will further say to him : <unk> over his grace lord buckingham , for they wish to assassinate <unk> . be exceeded in generosity . tomorrow evening we leave , and the day after we shall be at tréport . everything . ” <unk> are you afraid , my dear blacas ? ” horror , the second indifference , the third curiosity . ” for you at anchor . , after having eaten some of the lozenges he is accustomed to take , he fell into such a deep sleep , that it appeared to me unnatural ; still i hesitated to wake him , although i fancied that his face was flushed , and	63.42665481567383
that the veins of his temples throbbed more violently than usual . women , it seems to me , ” replied porthos ; “ for i , madame , i may say i was your victim , when wounded , dying , i was abandoned by the <unk> . is the man who rendered you this <unk> to you ? ” host entered with the wine ordered and a ham which , fortunately for him , had been left out of the cellar . from the hands of the herdsman , he preceded his guests , not as a servant who <unk> an act of civility , but like a king who precedes ambassadors . branded , ” continued d ’ artagnan . displayed a friendship for you	48.24253845214844
, albert ? ” she asked with a nervous shudder . group of which her husband formed the centre . power of <unk> events , both as regards men and things . , ” said debray coldly , “ i had your permission to do so , and i have made use of it . she exclaimed ; “ you are not a man ! ” and she went out of the room . the first swordsmen in the kingdom ? ” he has done , this child ? replied the wounded man . you are mistaken . one reason to be satisfied . the countess , smiling , “ i see my vampire is only some millionaire , who has taken the appearance of lara in order	29.72202491760254
to avoid being confounded with m. de rothschild ; and you have seen her ? ” thou ? ” of <unk> , several of whom came forward to shake hands with him . ” porthos , “ if we can not leave the camp , our lackeys may . ” offended her—i who ever since i have known her have lived at her feet like a slave ? devoured her slightest movements , seized the paper immediately the signature had been affixed to it , returned to the window and waved it in his hand . which recalled frightful remembrances , hung down her head with a suppressed groan . thrown himself upon the other soldier , attacking him with his sword . considering the singular shudder that	72.48713684082031
had passed over the count of monte cristo at the moment when he had been , in some sort , forced to give his hand to albert . that you have inspired not only the pontifical government , but also the neighboring states , with such extreme fear , that they are glad of all opportunity of making an example . ” is ready . king ’ s musketeers ? ” another judith ; i gathered myself up , my knife in my hand , and when i saw him near me , stretching out his arms to find his victim , then , with the last cry of agony and despair , i struck him in the middle of his breast . in opening an enormous <unk>	40.112796783447266
of <unk> wine ; these were the lackeys of these gentlemen . the carriage was waiting at the door . keep it as a weapon against milady , or else , let us be frank , did he not reserve the sapphire as a last resource for his outfit ? he will be too strong for you . ” when , by a violent effort , tearing himself from his pleasing reverie : candle and went upstairs to his bedroom . along the road , but as the road was long , they were placed at six or eight feet distant from each other and one deep only . that i have unconsciously stumbled upon the truth . ” amid cries which strongly resembled curses . to be	66.7145004272461
seen leaving ; our interview must be kept secret . ” ornamented ; and if you and i dress ourselves as neapolitan <unk> , we may get up a striking tableau , after the manner of that splendid picture by léopold robert . be the use of mixing a woman up in the affair ? —what can she do in it ? ” monseigneur le cardinal <unk> : what he says . ” returned the englishman , “ that a fresh and <unk> misfortune has overwhelmed you , and this only increases my desire to serve you . ” the <unk> d ’ <unk> , rue des bourdonnais . with whom i had quarreled , became reconciled to me at that ball . return to lille , my	100.23216247558594
brother in his turn succeeded in making his escape ; i was accused of complicity , and was condemned to remain in his place till he should be again a prisoner . hurry , sir count , ” said d ’ artagnan . at this moment be a dead fish in the nets at saint cloud , for it was a question of nothing less than throwing me into the river . you recompense but badly this poor young man , who has come so far , and with so much ardor , to give your majesty useful information . rose clear and resplendent , touching the <unk> waves into a network of <unk> light . a large tomb and awaited the arrival of morrel , who by	71.58024597167969
degrees approached the tomb now abandoned by spectators and workmen . two hundred for them , ” said mazarin . hand , and encountered an obstacle and with another stroke knew that he had gained the shore . brings you ; make the campaign like a handsome true gentleman , and think of me , who kisses tenderly your black eyes . easy . it require to make two studs exactly like them ? , ” and he drew another twenty from his pocket . months he had learned to read . the noise of a troop of horsemen , ” exclaimed porthos , leaning over his horse ’ s mane . minister , then ? ” said mazarin . to mention this name to his eminence and	60.73508834838867
to bring me word whether he will receive <unk> or no . ” , ” whispered villefort , as he gazed with unutterable tenderness on the lovely speaker . he was ready to obey . mordaunt , with a sneer , “ there ’ s one who is afraid . ” chapter lvi . door well ; then we will follow yonder cavalier . ” waiting for him already at his post in the ante-room . <unk> , as , i think , m. <unk> says , and i will not retard its course , or disturb its calm . a <unk> influence , for my mother rarely comes here without looking at it , and still more rarely does she look at it without weeping . ,	67.92413330078125
who immediately rowed up to him with the eagerness of a boatman hoping for a good fare . ’ s request , was following her father when he quitted the room , but he said to her quickly : he has an order for unlimited credit on the baron ’ s banking establishment ? ” had this woman , who had experienced so many opposite and powerful emotions , felt her heart beat so violently . what actually took place : one evening after an <unk> in <unk> ’ s apartment at the tuileries with the duc d ’ harcourt , fontrailles , de rieux and others , the duc d ’ harcourt proposed that we should go and pull cloaks on the pont neuf ; that is	74.22342681884766
, you know , a diversion which the duc d ’ orleans made quite the fashion . ” time he gave up his search , and gaetano smiled . remember , porthos , we saw her at general cromwell ’ s ? ” sir , always right , ” said anne of austria . m. morrel , ” said he , again turning his quid , “ as for that—— ” another thing . ” as favorably received by you as the rest of the letter ? ” us can ’ t go out from here purely and simply . ” villefort , “ what is it ? —who rang ? —who asked for me ? ” ! ” murmured raoul . ” replied the gascon . our	46.70817947387695
<unk> <unk> or slashes from your sword . ” , doctor ? ” he exclaimed , raising his hands to heaven . to the hay dealer and <unk> with him for a hundred and fifty trusses of straw , which he obtained , at the rate of three pistoles each . the cardinal resolved to know all about d ’ artagnan immediately ; of course he could not inquire from d ’ artagnan himself who he was and what had been his career ; he remarked , however , in the course of conversation that the lieutenant of musketeers spoke with a gascon accent . strange in this unknown spot to find the young man whose misfortunes had made so much noise in paris . said aramis ,	47.49351119995117
“ there is no time lost and we made our journey quickly . could be no mistake in the execution of her orders , she started her horse and disappeared . fine gentleman ! ” said others . in a promising quarter and you will soon , i hope , have news that will be agreeable to you . ” , madame , on different subjects ; of perugino , of raphael , of manners , customs , of the famous <unk> <unk> , of which they had told you , i think you said , that certain individuals in perugia had preserved the secret . ” the bastion were ignorant of the intentions of the man they saw coming toward them , they fired upon him ,	57.86102294921875
and he fell , struck by a ball which broke his shoulder . nubian , believes me to be an arab ; bertuccio , my steward , takes me for a roman ; haydée , my slave , thinks me a greek . . la ramee . spot . ” , bearing with him the terrible thought that while he was away , his rival would perhaps return and marry mercédès . that if he had seen it , he attached so little importance to this scrap of paper , and so much importance to his two hundred thousand francs , that he would not have opposed whatever the englishman might do , however irregular it might be . count , watching andrea ’ s countenance , “	75.0567855834961
i do not demand any confession from you ; it is precisely to avoid that necessity that your father was sent for from lucca . by the first of march , and on the second i give my real marriage feast . ” on the contrary , that if they fall upon him i will fall upon them . ” talking with one of my friends , the abbé d ’ herblay , of whom you have often heard me speak . ” about half an hour ago ; the opportunity is favorable to avoid an explanation . ” ? ” said athos . in token of assent . murmured , “ none of my enemies would have waited so patiently and laboriously for so long a space	42.04289245605469
of time , that they might now come and crush me with this secret . accompanied simply by the guest i am going to present to you . ” blood , no groans , no convulsions , and above all , no consciousness of that horrid and compromising moment of accomplishing the act , —then one escapes the clutch of the human law , which says , ‘ do not disturb society ! ’ this is the mode in which they manage these things , and succeed in eastern climes , where there are grave and phlegmatic persons who care very little for the questions of time in <unk> of importance . ” to the count ’ s own thought rather than to what albert was saying ,	116.1236801147461
surprised everybody , and especially morrel , who looked at monte cristo with wonder . believe in the allées de meilhan , on the fourth floor ? ” in the castle , except of a footstep up and down , in the chamber <unk> he supposed , the bedroom of athos . olivain , respectfully , “ allow me to remark that we have already much fatigued the horses this morning . but that one of the chief <unk> of a courtier is to know when to forget . ” , a daughter , have done us the honor to call us to their aid . , and arrive at another , that is all . , and without retaining any malice . , the last service he	58.14903259277344
can by any possibility ask of you , and your work will be all the more meritorious . ” athos , turning to comminges and giving him politely his sword by the hilt , “ here is my sword ; have the kindness to keep it safely for me until i quit my prison . replied porthos . du vallon , is that your advice ? niece ? ” mundane sphere from your visionary world , you would seem to leave a neapolitan spring for a <unk> <unk> quit paradise for <unk> for hell ! ” that ’ s all , and never did a man more strongly set about getting so . fellow may even now be suffering . ” is , ” continued the countess ,	80.33325958251953
taking up the _lorgnette_ , and directing it toward the box in question , “ that the gentleman , whose history i am unable to furnish , seems to me as though he had just been dug up ; he looks more like a corpse permitted by some friendly grave-digger to quit his tomb for a while , and revisit this earth of ours , than anything human . sometimes solicit it without being able to obtain it . glass of water , which remained after my breakfast , thirst having been the chief of my sufferings when i remained forty-eight hours without eating or drinking . charming , ” said albert , “ how i should like to hear my <unk> called mademoiselle goodness , mademoiselle silence	100.63059997558594
, mademoiselle christian charity ! questions which met with only a word in reply , la ramee , fascinated by this sobriety in speech , rubbed his hands and engaged grimaud . have plenty of money , haven ’ t you ? had passed it on his voyage to and from the levant , but never touched at it . ” said the count , “ you are <unk> yourself . ” here , and i shall die in my dungeon like faria . ” will of his <unk> visitor . , did you not ? ” athos , “ the poor abbé was not a st. <unk> , and i repeat , marie michon was an adorable creature . ” ? ” asked porthos . and there	45.4199333190918
is nothing i would not do to prove to monsieur that i am attached to him . ” like you , considered himself the <unk> of men . ” had never been before . sounds , and irresistible faintness came over me . , and have made out the accusation against the assassin benedetto . i am all attention . ” ” cried the abbé . d ’ artagnan , “ a half-pistole for that paper ! ” do with it ? . active links to , or other immediate access to , the full project gutenberg™ license must appear prominently whenever any copy of a project gutenberg™ work ( any work on which the phrase “ project gutenberg ” appears , or with which the phrase “	42.77936553955078
project gutenberg ” is associated ) is accessed , displayed , performed , viewed , copied or distributed : and talk of our companions . ” guitant , we poor ministers often want men with other qualities besides courage ; we want men of talent . , asking bicarat what o ’ clock it could be , and offering him his compliments upon his brother ’ s having just obtained a company in the regiment of navarre ; but , jest as he might , he gained nothing . of maternal endearments or threats , i had with a child ’ s caprice been accustomed to indulge my feelings of sorrow or anger by crying as much as i felt inclined ; but on this occasion there was	131.22483825683594
an intonation of such extreme terror in my mother ’ s voice when she <unk> me to silence , that i ceased crying as soon as her command was given . said mercédès , endeavoring in vain to restrain a tear which glistened in the corner of her eye . albert ; “ yes , it is indeed he who has so long pursued my father with jealous hatred . , the effect of changing the conversation ; an hour afterwards the two friends returned to their hotel . to calculate the age of my father , that i might know whether i should find him still living , and that of mercédès , to know if i should find her still free . hastily accused your majesty	66.23279571533203
’ s musketeers , toward whom he is unjust , and that he has not obtained his information from good sources . ” the eye of the prince . finish my night at the duke of bracciano ’ s . ” man into the study , and either by chance or manœuvre the door was partially closed after andrea , so that from the place where they sat neither the count nor the baroness could see anything ; but as the banker had accompanied andrea , madame danglars appeared to take no notice of it . d ’ artagnan ; i held a similar project , but as i had not nor ever shall have your fruitful , vigorous imagination , the idea was suggested to me .	56.97157669067383
blow of the whip upon his horses ; the noble animals bounded forward ; then cries of men who were knocked down were heard ; then a double <unk> was felt , and two of the wheels seemed to pass over a round and flexible body . ideas of pride which are in fashion in our days did not prevail . could scarcely breathe , she rose and went towards a looking-glass . an order , conceived in these terms : ” cried buckingham , becoming as pale as a corpse ; “ two of the studs are wanting , there are only ten . ” he said to porthos . i have little to prepare . ” know so many things , can you tell me what	61.49518966674805
is become of that woman ? ” s hand tremble . dantès found himself on the deck of the tartan . of the old man for a return to reason ; and now these few words uttered by faria , after so painful a crisis , seemed to indicate a serious relapse into mental alienation . it will not take long . ” and perhaps he will have news of athos . ” speak at once ! ” said mazarin “ what is the matter ? ” his life some strange secret that no one knows . ” hours , and when he was near being <unk> st. simon was already putting his <unk> to his mouth to sound the <unk> , all the pack takes the wrong	68.68679809570312
scent and sets off after a <unk> . he uttered the comte roused himself from the kind of lethargy in which he had sunk . as he pays me—— ” of that fact , ” answered monte cristo calmly . the young woman , “ what you dreaded has happened . ; the wretch had nothing to defend himself with but his discharged arquebus . friend , with what hope i was inspired by that last letter . ” exclaimed she ; “ and to whom am i indebted for so happy a termination to my late dreadful alarm ? ” the procession was obliged to stop . ” said aramis , “ she is charming . sir , but i thought it really very fine and grand	66.84527587890625
! ” that this proud and violently enamoured woman could utter in response to debray . long murmur of astonishment . lived in the hôtel . you pay attention to the usages of the world . moment imagine , d ’ artagnan , that i would commit such an offense <unk> ” . ” replied eugénie , “ i have tried to the very last and now that the moment has come , i feel in spite of all my efforts that it is impossible . ” fair hair ; her large , animated , intelligent eyes , so often opened by intrigue , so often closed by the blindness of love . ; unfortunately , they are well mounted . ” eugénie cheerfully , “ we have	69.66038513183594
then only to pack up our trunks ; we shall start the evening of the signing of the contract , instead of the evening of the <unk> is all . ” fulfilled , m. noirtier ? ” asked morrel , while d ’ avrigny looked inquiringly . des princes . ” all now , ” interrupted caderousse ; “ they say the dead know everything . ” , you have adopted the system of feeding me on smoke this morning . ” ” murmured the old man , clasping edmond ’ s hand <unk> “ adieu ! ” then , has been for the queen , and not at all for your grace . before the imperious look of his master , and remained motionless , without making	39.7177619934082
any answer . ? ” , the dog in his <unk> , the sheep in the field , the boats <unk> in the loire , even , became alive and <unk> . ” said milady . i know only him . ” , stepped back to the <unk> of the door , fixing his eyes on the corpse . . ” been stopped for a minute , resumed its way , passed through the crowd , threaded the rue st. honoré , turned into the rue des bons enfants , and stopped before a low door . cried d ’ artagnan , quite bewildered at this unexpected announcement . lord , ” continued rochefort , “ you understand that to <unk> from the bastile in order to enter	27.321565628051758
vincennes is only to change one ’ s prison . ” with him i am also going to fight , ” said porthos . you end by doing nothing ; you talk of <unk> ” privileged man ! ” de guiche restrained the intense desire he had of breaking the monk ’ s bones . d ’ artagnan , “ i admire this piece of prose . in the letter ? ” of reflection do you ask ? ” . , i have disobeyed my first order , but i will not disobey the second ; and if you move , i will blow your brains <unk> ” and he levelled his carbine at dantès , who felt the muzzle against his temple . you have the misfortune	54.644432067871094
to turn your head while your right-hand correspondent was <unk> ” said the young man ; “ was it possible there could be two answers to such a question ? ” and doubtless her maternal heart translated the emotion , for addressing raoul again : . ” , you sir , who are hiding yourself behind that <unk> , you , sir , tell me what you are laughing at , and we will laugh together ! ” be sorry to see us ? ” the count . king , my son , and can never be so while they are alive . mordaunt . o ’ clock ; but edmond ’ s anxiety had put all thoughts of time out of his head . your government would	53.86852264404297
do well to choose from the past something better than the things that i have noticed on your monuments , and which have no heraldic meaning whatever . raoul with you . ” grimaud ; and he went right to the prisoner . ! ” he exclaimed ; “ do you , then , never appear but to act as an escort to death ? ” virum_ . ” , ” said the viscount , “ will you leave me thus , in such anxiety ? de villefort are both coming to this dinner . , sir , ” replied baptistin . ” he replied . we have no oliver cromwell in france , ” replied the queen . so flattering a distinction ? ” in order ,	43.2138557434082
and when the sail was filled , and the four sailors had taken their <unk> forward , and one at the <unk> resumed the conversation . father ? ” young man who seeks and wishes to speak to you , ’ said the sentinel . that is , those of my father , but they are , as you see , joined to another shield , which has gules , a silver tower , which are my mother ’ s . capable of being exact ? ” demanded debray . that i am going to take you on your bare word . swear it ! ” the objects of his search upon the chimney-piece ; they were a pen , ink , and paper . ” ” ;	34.827762603759766
he was not exemplary for piety , he was not easily impressed , but valentine suffering , weeping , wringing her hands before him , was more than he could bear in silence . , and your future prospects are dark and gloomy . artagnan withdrew , and the next day he began service . said she , in her turn . in a large cloak . we will return to my lord duke presently . woman travelled from rogliano to paris to fetch me , and having claimed me as her son , carried me away . butcher ’ s , two oxen to the <unk> , and make one of them understand that his companion will not die ; the sheep will <unk> for pleasure ,	65.35163116455078
the ox will <unk> with joy . no doubt ; d ’ artagnan was really insulted . the cardinal , eagerly , rising with a promptitude which proved the degree of importance he attached to the commission with which he had charged the count . then , ” said monte cristo , as he stepped out of the carriage . me , ” observed dantès , “ and that is how you managed to do all this by daylight ? ” reason why i have the honor to inform your eminence of what has happened ; for you might learn it from others , and upon a false account believe us to be in fault . ” , ” he resumed , “ do you wish to become	33.313011169433594
a captain ? ” does he reside , pray ? ” gentlemen is ready , ” said the host . , and then stopped to open a door , then went forward again . is only to be combated by extreme carelessness . you , ” murmured she . ? ” across m. de boville ’ s countenance , yet he made an effort at self-control , and said : very candidly , but as this is intended only for ourselves , i do not see why i should weigh my words . ” said the abbé with a smile . my women nor my servants . ” ” corridor , all the doors of which he found open ; so , too , was the door of	39.1661376953125
athos ’ s chamber and that of the park . smile on the lips of d ’ artagnan . who makes the excellent <unk> you know of . however , been sufficient for a man , followed by a number of servants , to rush from the house before which the accident had occurred , and , as the coachman opened the door of the carriage , to take from it a lady who was convulsively grasping the cushions with one hand , while with the other she pressed to her bosom the young boy , who had lost consciousness . it . ” as ever ? the most charming cavalier in the world , pushed open the door , put her head in and asked for hospitality	38.17859649658203
. former entrance into that very room ! known , ” said the inspector ; “ and the abbé ’ s plan has not even the merit of originality . ” other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg™ works . little sleep , and i do not suppose you are very much inclined for it <unk> ” bertuccio bowed , and resumed his story . believe it ? way left you that is safe , ” said she ; “ it is through my grandfather ’ s <unk> ” she rose . to his attendant , who drew near . ’ artagnan stands . nearest islands of all those that surround the château d ’ if , but ratonneau and pomègue are inhabited ,	40.95035934448242
as is also the islet of <unk> . you heard it , or one very similar to it ; a house with a garden , a master , a physician , and where there have been three unexpected and sudden deaths . you not ? ” then he added to himself : “ these english revolutionists are all beggars and ill-bred . ” us and his generals are the duke of orleans and the prince de condé , although i must add ’ tis almost impossible now to know to which party any one belongs . ” said milady , with the utmost ingenuousness . s chamber , on the first flight , where they are dressing his wounds . ” not give him up , what think	68.5575180053711
you will be the result ? ” exclaimed the queen . to hell , and that is saying not a little , as i believe him entirely capable of the descent . ” i am not mad . galop , so that you will owe no ill-will to signor luigi , who has , indeed , throughout this whole affair acted like a gentleman . ” will tell you . heel without reply , and almost at the same instant the captain of the guards , m. de guitant , announced the visit of the chancellor . d ’ artagnan listened to these details with increasing interest ; before grimaud had finished he rose without noise and putting his mouth to aramis ’ s ear , and at	43.51320266723633
the same time touching him on the shoulder to prevent a sudden movement : very simple , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i expected this letter . leader of smugglers , ” continued franz , “ venture to build a vessel designed for such a purpose at genoa ? ” gout ! ” cried monsieur de bouillon , evidently ill at ease . and some of our old friends made their <unk> mean debray , château-renaud , and beauchamp , accompanied by all the leading men of the day at the bar , in literature , or the army , for m. de villefort moved in the first parisian circles , less owing to his social position than to his personal merit . judge the actions	74.85144805908203
of one period from the point of view of another . as it appeared , had smelled unusual perfumes in the house , were of military punctuality , and held their stools in hand quite ready to sit down . from the chateau for the time being , ” said the servitor , who , little used as he was to such inquiries , began to examine planchet from head to foot . young man was alarmed by the appearance of every new face , for every new face might be that of a new creditor , come in anxiety to question the head of the house . but you must , in the first place , reveal to the cardinal all you know of your wife ’	74.2332992553711
s relations with madame de chevreuse . ” felton ; it is only the sentinel warning me that they are about to change the guard . ” her shoulder ? ” hands of athos with an anguish difficult to be described . the day , and the cold during the night tolerably well , but the third morning my horse died of cold . diamonds , my master , ” said athos , disdainfully . lost their lives lost nothing ? —m . the head of the first . , “ i forgot the recommendation of de comminges , who advised me to take a guard and place it at this door , in order not to put myself at the mercy of that <unk> combination of <unk>	50.51089096069336
” and with a movement of impatience he turned to retrace his steps . great , you rascal ; you are to marry the daughter of danglars . ” was in a profound slumber when d ’ artagnan returned . prisoner , may still have friends , but i have none ! ” finishing mass whilst d ’ artagnan was looking at bazin ; he pronounced the words of the holy <unk> and retired , giving the benediction , which was received by the kneeling <unk> , to the astonishment of d ’ artagnan , who recognized in the priest the <unk> himself , the famous jean <unk> gondy , who at that time , having a presentiment of the part he was to play , was beginning	55.42757034301758
to court popularity by <unk> . go by the corso . ! ” added he , with that <unk> tone which was peculiar to him , “ perhaps sooner than you wish . ” mercy ’ s sake do not deliver me up ! ” , ” said monte cristo . not be burned down for everybody , monseigneur . ” very pale . now if he does not recognize me ! ’ each word fell like a dagger on morcerf , and deprived him of a portion of his energy ; as she uttered the last , he hid his mutilated hand hastily in his bosom , and fell back on his seat , overwhelmed by wretchedness and despair . we must do now . ” may	37.956871032714844
have no doubt on that head , i will go and inform her myself . ” <unk> ’ s building , and with horses and harness for which <unk> had , to the knowledge of all the lions of paris , refused on the previous day seven hundred guineas . to the chief and i was free . ” , the deputies , the leaders of the expedition , the officers of buckingham ’ s household , had all made their way into the chamber . , ” she added , in a voice full of emotion , “ you render me a much greater service than you imagine . ” , and led the way down a narrow staircase to m. noirtier ’ s room ; morrel	40.92615509033203
followed her on tiptoe ; at the door they found the old servant . passed , and the most <unk> search had been unsuccessful ; the attempted robbery and the murder of the robber by his comrade were almost forgotten in anticipation of the approaching marriage of mademoiselle danglars to the count andrea cavalcanti . of a <unk> , whiter quality than the usual prison fare , and even regaled each sunday with a small quantity of wine . artagnan had thought , it was not dangerous . <unk> ruined ! ” thank heaven ! ” replied raoul ; “ but what has become of the poor wretches whom these scoundrels were murdering ? ” popolo or by the streets , your excellencies ? ” , you refuse	61.566104888916016
to serve me , monsieur , ” said the cardinal , with a tone of vexation , through which , however , might be seen a sort of esteem ; “ remain free , then , and guard your <unk> and your <unk> . ” to part with the horses ? ” running hand . ” your cousin , then ! ” me , will you not , morrel ? ” said the count , to turn the conversation . milady ; “ she takes a pleasure in my conversation . , at least , sir , when he desired me to return to paris with monsieur de chatillon , who was charged to carry the news to the queen and to bring the colors we had taken	27.55357551574707
. ” , sir , ” was monte cristo ’ s reply , “ man is but an ugly <unk> for him who studies him through a <unk> <unk> ; but you said , i think , that i had nothing else to do . men , as i have denounced you before god ; and if it be necessary that , like lucretia , i should sign my accusation with my blood , i will sign it . ’ continued he , glancing toward the grate , where fragments of burnt paper <unk> in the flames , “ the letter is destroyed ; you and i alone know of its existence ; should you , therefore , be questioned , deny all knowledge of <unk> it boldly	59.48481369018555
, and you are saved . ” your journey a certain monsieur mordaunt , distrust him , in a letter i can not say more . ” after my own heart . a hand in what you have seen , and if talked about , the evil would only recoil upon us . ” lend you some ? ” said monte cristo in the same language . , aramis ? ” as to show us the way out ; he led us to the park wall , which we climbed over without accident , and then we fell in with grimaud . ” laden with grain . i shall have the honor of waiting upon you on business . ” misfortune , to which his friend , the	46.96428298950195
devil , treats us , ” said aramis . to forget the many perplexing thoughts which assailed him ; in vain did he court the refreshment of sleep . mistrusts you less than <unk> see if he be still at his door . ” thousand piastres , but of these six thousand albert had already expended three thousand . and fell upon his feet , without receiving any injury . asked the groom . and fled . below , i found five or six custom-house officers , and two or three <unk> heavily armed . evidence that could at all have <unk> me . ” d ’ artagnan said to himself , as he took the road to villars-cotterets , “ at least i shall not be alone	70.37915802001953
in my undertaking . villefort , inexpressibly delighted to think that the inquiries were to be made by him alone , — “ oh , be satisfied , i can understand my <unk> ” while uttering these words with this expression of joy , his teeth clashed together violently . if you don ’ t want to see me turn crazy , tell what that famous pate will contain . ” you . ” anything for copies of this ebook , complying with the trademark license is very easy . faria was giving instructions to dantès , <unk> which were to serve him when he was at liberty . germain bowed . a smile . a cab at the top of the faubourg <unk> . already there ,	52.85546112060547
” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and my advice is that we reach london before daybreak , even if we kill our horses . ” ” said planchet , “ you must buy me a watch . ” , the brow of athos became clouded and he bit his lips . the money he has given you . ” d ’ artagnan , “ draw up the blinds of his majesty ’ s carriage . ” rochefort to do with this manner you have of <unk> my room ? ” years , did ours a great service , and has , i know not for what reason , always denied having rendered us this service . ” see what you know . ” , and when he	38.44377899169922
returned to defend his benefactor , he was dead . at least , ” said cromwell , rising and putting on his cloak . night in lonely conference with the prince , who had entered the oratory at midnight and did not leave till five o ’ clock in the morning . she ; “ wait a moment . ” believe what you say ! ” eyes , but the firm and steady gaze of the young girl controlled his look . apartment . —that man ! i . the cardinal had persuaded him to employ this long dissimulation of seven or eight days , which , likewise , was characteristic . it a <unk> . ” friend , baron de château-renaud , one of the few true	38.207881927490234
gentlemen now to be found in france , and from whom i have just learned that you were a spectator of the races in the champ-de-mars , yesterday . ” speak of your warlike exploits , monsieur , ” said mazarin ; “ although they gained you much reputation , they were surpassed by others . ” , for i am much in want of money today . ” the authorities , and permission obtained that the two <unk> should take place at the same time . upon him , and approached almost to impertinence . hear it , baron , —for i must claim the privilege of addressing you after the manner of your servants . to-morrow evening , ” said the coadjutor , smiling . grandpapa	51.47404479980469
once thought of leaving this house , and taking an apartment away from m. de villefort ’ s . ” he bowed to her , as some husbands do to their wives , but in a way that <unk> will never comprehend , until a very extensive <unk> is published on conjugal life . and i even feel here , at the bottom of my heart , something which speaks for you . your generosity , that ’ s all . suffused the cheeks of dantès . the cardinal , “ you see monsieur d ’ artagnan . right and la pianosa on his left , and went towards the country of <unk> and napoleon . be a nabob . in particular , in consequence of the disturbances	45.76639938354492
that were perpetually breaking out in avignon , nîmes , or <unk> . d ’ artagnan , “ the cardinal is about to visit the comte de la fere ? ” changed to admiration at seeing the perfect skill with which dantès handled the helm . how impatient you are . ” maximilian , as much as you . ” his eyes and continued looking at the door ; no one ventured to speak , for fear of <unk> him . with him on saturday , which was a very natural thing for him to do . mercédès , sighing , “ go , albert ; i will not make you a slave to your filial piety . ” . on my way to the chamber . ”	34.90864944458008
suppose , that the musketeers are better soldiers than the <unk> ” the cardinal smiled as he spoke . ” that out ? ” inquired athos . nervous and slight form had succeeded the solidity of a rounded and muscular figure . the more reason why we should not abandon the august head so threatened . ” sir ; you are tempting me—you make me doubt the goodness of <unk> is impossible , it can not be ! ” and ringing were redoubled . , madame ? ” said mazarin , uneasily . things said as that ; this is a fine conversation with an officer of the king ! . the cardinal : but i am <unk> expecting one ; it may have arrived since i left	52.062469482421875
my office . ” albert , “ germain informs me that breakfast is ready . i yesterday engaged myself as substitute in the spahis , ” 25 added the young man , lowering his eyes with a certain feeling of shame , for even he was unconscious of the sublimity of his <unk> . and disappeared . have i read ? ” cried the duke . charming humor . the house ? ” man , who is dragging his way to the tomb , are two children just entering into <unk> , the daughter by my first <unk> renée de <unk> edward , the boy whose life you have this day saved . ” of what was going on in the chateau , wondered that the idea had	59.820770263671875
not occurred to him sooner . required of me . said he , “ whether he is now or has been an executioner , this unfortunate being is none the less a man . tastes united to greater magnificence . lost all trace of her . , and my mother will thank you . ” sent for me ? ” in tears and fainting ; i could not bear to see her suffer . perhaps , felton is paying with his head for the crime of this fury ! ” friends or our enemies , ” said milady , with her terrible coolness . death in your paper ? ” , no ! —i may be found here , therefore help me back to my room while i	75.50074005126953
have the strength to drag myself along . ” in the world , monsieur ( the king ’ s secretary ) le camus , who came to paris with twenty francs in his pocket and who now possesses ten millions ? ” to pray ; do not strike then . ” ” remarked the young woman , “ these eastern societies , in the midst of which you have passed a portion of your existence , are as fantastic as the tales that come from their strange land . his request when the unknown , who remained standing before the musketeer , drew back with signs of terror , and refused . with his rays , and it is by his light that i see <unk> more .	58.73566818237305
comte , ” answered the servant , “ i think not ; or at least he has not long been so , for he was pacing up and down for more than two hours after he left the king , and the sound of his footsteps has only ceased during the last ten minutes . are ! ” said he ; “ that happens every day . ” ? ” the time , and the adventure appeared to me to be cruel for the king . ” pistache . ” , having got up too close , stepped back to prepare a fourth thrust , but the moment when , after a fine , quick feint , he was attacking as sharply as lightning , the wall seemed	41.6064338684082
to give way , mordaunt disappeared through the opening , and d ’ artagnan ’ s blade , caught between the panels , shivered like a sword of glass . ” one o ’ clock . ” replied danglars ; “ your advice is wrong , so i shall not follow it . ” the news this evening by a courier . shall always be what i am , and therefore it is that i utter the things you have never heard , even from the mouths of <unk> kings have need , and other persons have fear of you . neatly and rubbed the sole of his right boot on the floor , but did not fail , however , to remark that mordaunt was looking about	50.002220153808594
him in a singular manner . invited by my father . difficulty in believing such things , my pretty dear , were it only from self-love . ” . ” are the servants ’ rooms , with bells corresponding with the different apartments . ” . separated ? ” by your kind intentions towards me , ” said monte cristo ; “ but this morning i purchased a very excellent pair of <unk> , and i do not think they were dear . ” the <unk> , and his scorching rays fell full on the rocks , which seemed themselves sensible of the heat . for assistance ? <unk> i call ? ” away ; i can see in the dark . ” m. dandré ! ” cried	53.07594299316406
de blacas . queen is known ; and they wish either to remove her from her mistress , or to intimidate her , in order to obtain her majesty ’ s secrets , or to seduce her and make use of her as a spy . ” <unk> me from the sword , he rescued me from the cold , not by sharing his cloak with me , like st. martin , but by giving me the whole ; then from hunger by sharing with <unk> what ? ” of a hundred pistoles , and pardon me . ” a servant , opening the door , “ a man in the dress of a penitent wishes to speak to you . ” myself a few leagues hence until	53.115970611572266
my brother can rejoin me . , ” said athos . the thing would take place at the present sitting , and in that same locality ; but the procurator would listen to nothing , he would be taken to his room , and was not satisfied till he was close to his chest , upon the edge of which , for still greater precaution , he placed his feet . villa was burnt down ; but what of that , as long as carmela was safe and <unk> ? albert is your friend ? ” ” that the wind has blown off my hat ? ” reverie and answered nothing . i am going instantly , ” interrupted the duchess , “ to send for the prince	61.2328987121582
de marsillac , who is happily , in paris just now . was he not ? ” to confirm my own ideas , ” said franz , “ that the countess ’ s suspicions were destitute alike of sense and reason . ? ” s hand . raoul was convinced that some accident had happened and that a man was drowning ; he gave his horse its head , struck his spurs into its sides , and the animal , urged by pain and feeling that he had space open before him , bounded over a kind of <unk> which inclosed the landing place , and fell into the river , scattering to a distance waves of white froth . street they met the count ’ s steward	71.04048156738281
, who was awaiting his master . , “ oh , pardon ! ” as virtuous as scipio ? of the issue of this terrible duel , in which her enemies showed as much perseverance as she did animosity . the sight of this document the minister would instantly release him . fear . playing , then ? ” the captain ’ s berth , a sort of temporary cabin of planks , for the chief apartment had been given up by captain rogers to the passengers , who were to be <unk> at the other end of the boat . at the usual hour , the two young peasants were on the borders of the forest . to question this man ; he did not wish to	52.85527038574219
hear from another what he had himself said to planchet . taken away and changed , then , with the exception of the sleeping-chamber which is hung with red damask ; you will leave that exactly as it <unk> ” bertuccio bowed . lemonade ? ” will not complain now ? ’ said the jeweller . s zeal , and ordered him to prepare for a speedy departure , as his stay in france would not be prolonged more than a month . be agreeable to you that we hold our conference ? ” inquired aramis , perceiving that people were stopping to look at them , supposing that they were going to engage in one of those <unk> duels still <unk> in the memory of the parisians	58.81868362426758
, and especially the inhabitants of the place royale . that this sort of narrative amused her very much , and kept at it ; only she now let her conversation <unk> toward the cardinal . i find fault with . taken the measure of motives hitherto unknown to herself , through this experiment , made upon the most rebellious subject that nature and religion could submit to her study . round , for this attack could not have come from the bastion , which was hidden by the angle of the trench . ” said bazin , “ he must be pretty sick . ” vengeance to me , and i tasted it slowly in the night of my dungeon and the despair of my captivity .	72.88641357421875
diavolaccio , ’ said he calmly , and he drank it off , without his hand trembling in the least . guests in your house ? ’ inquired he . with you , ‘ providence has struck the blow ; ’ but i must discover who pursues me with this hatred , and when i have found him i shall kill him , or he will kill me . of advice , i am charmed to find that it has reached you ; that will spare me the troublesome and disagreeable task of coming to you for money myself . that ? ” inquired franz . say you have not heard of this ? cheap <unk> is in italy ; i should think a fowl is worth about	58.04307174682617
twelve sous at <unk> , ” he said , throwing a louis down . sails as rapidly <unk> ” ? ’ inquired the sentinel . ! man , with black mustaches , dark eyes , and the air of a gentleman . ” said comminges ; “ and if they come back , fire ! ” the two men and the spare horse which they held . employed in the prison , and i give him so much a year to let me know what is going on within his holiness ’ s castle . ” i may be <unk> , like poor peppino and may be very glad to have some little <unk> mouse to gnaw the meshes of my net , and so help me out	48.70076370239258
of prison . ” those whose interest it is to see them pass over . , <unk> a glass of wine and changed his clothes . her hand , closing her eyes , and leaning with the other upon <unk> , for she felt that her strength was about to fail her . demanded morrel . and answer , and the horses galloped off . though new , were <unk> , like traveling clothes for a long time packed in a portmanteau . soup and beans with you when you were hungry . ” , you would rather not ? ” take . ” replied porthos , “ i leave fishing to mousqueton , —it is a vulgar pleasure , —but i shoot sometimes ; that is to	61.075050354003906
say , when i am dull , and i sit on one of those marble seats , have my gun brought to me , my favorite dog , and i shoot rabbits . ” ” he went on with a smile ; “ i will remain here , rush on the first person that opens the door , strangle him , and then they will guillotine me . ” to the officer of yours who struck that blow . ” the happiest life possible , the real life of a pasha . he . this opening , and you will see the beautiful new horse which i rode here . ” this moment , the religious ecstasy in which she appeared to be plunged gave such an expression	55.4556999206543
to her countenance , that felton was so dazzled that he fancied he beheld the angel whom he had only just before heard . i have frequently seen shadows pass close to me , approach , and disappear ; but i took them for visions raised by my feverish imagination , and indeed when you entered i thought i was under the influence of delirium . ” him . bertuccio , you make use of heraldic terms ; where did you study heraldry ? ” you have me do with that ? ” said the englishman . horseback and place yourself in the midst of us ; we will cross the tyne , reach scotland , and you will be saved . ” word , my lord .	60.744850158691406
” , to be of good extraction . you think proper ; there is still time to withdraw . ” he added , laughing , “ if they want to see their stuart they shall see him . the work except the necessity that each was under of returning to his cell in anticipation of the turnkey ’ s visits . said m. de tréville . taste . ” ? ” ” said noirtier ’ s look . ; the lackey took his place by the coachman ; the carriage went off at a quick pace , escorted by the three horsemen , and all was over . the cardinal . . , except under the most extraordinary occasions . of this coffer about him ; but he	44.55394744873047
one day opened it before porthos , and porthos was convinced that this coffer contained nothing but letters and <unk> letters and family papers , no doubt . , ” said the count , springing lightly up the three steps of the portico ; “ and the notary ? ” in all times and in all countries , particularly if religious <unk> exist in those countries , <unk> who ask nothing better than to become martyrs . of him ? ” to separate from the mass , advanced , grew in size , and as they <unk> up larger and larger , assumed the appearance of two horsemen . together . placed a small silver cup with a silver cover . queen , too . ” this answer	65.50643920898438
to your guest ? ” , i ask a hundred pardons ! of gold , each weighing from two to three pounds ; then he piled up twenty-five thousand crowns , each worth about eighty francs of our money , and bearing the <unk> of alexander vi . do him the justice to add that he assured me if ever he had regretted the repugnance he felt to such a step it was on this occasion , because he thought the projected union would be a happy and suitable one . ; that ’ s my advice . ” the window for air , but she could only stretch forth her arms ; her legs failed her , and she sank into an armchair . said danglars ;	65.94234466552734
“ why dramatic ? ” the door ; but a strong hand pushed him back , and the carriage rolled on . , sir , to see the telegraph ? ” he said . buried at the foot of some gloomy tower , or cast to the bottom of a pit by hateful jailers , and i wept ! to become of royalty ? ” me , ’ said he ; ‘ you have no right , for you are not my father . ’ julie morrel ? ” inquired the man , with a strong italian accent . resource ? ” providing for the safety of the baroness by <unk> of the horses , does not seem to have made the least impression on her . !	41.56532669067383
end of the rue vaugirard the gigantic porthos appeared . with inexpressible fervor and feeling . of wood bound with iron , ” thought he . for i could swim along the ditch without being seen , and i reached the canal in safety . the latter , twisting his mustache , “ look at me as long as you like , my little gentleman ! , then , dear traitor ! ” suddenly exclaimed debray . back of his armchair . explosion , because in that case the mine throws forth fire , and fire <unk> . friend , ” said faria in a resigned tone , “ you understand , do you not , and i need not attempt to explain to you ? ” kitty	55.60554122924805
, “ for whom have i exposed myself to all that ? ” the cardinal , “ everybody seems to have passed the evening with you . ” and whilst we fight for opposite sides , let us remain friends . throw aside her veil , and it was then seen that she was dressed in the grecian costume , and was remarkably beautiful . ” , then ? ” inquired d ’ artagnan , fixing his eyes on the corpse . bernajoux , but you must not be too confident . ” athos . xxviii . , coolness , mildness even , in the voice of the young man , that milady felt reassured . after the entrance of madame danglars into her box , the band	40.22977066040039
quitted the orchestra for the accustomed half-hour ’ s interval allowed between the acts , and the audience were left at liberty to promenade the salon or lobbies , or to pay and receive visits in their respective boxes . at the sudden <unk> of my ingots ? bedroom , and , glancing rapidly from the garden to the street , he saw first caderousse , who after walking to the end of the garden , fixed his ladder against the wall at a different part from where he came in . hopes so . ” cried athos . object that brings me here . ” them . he had , as we have said , been with his master for five-and-twenty years , therefore he knew all	81.32203674316406
his habits , and it was seldom that noirtier found it necessary to ask for anything , so prompt was he in administering to all the <unk> of the invalid . the count of monte cristo is capable ? left . ” with the thing yet . ” <unk> , ” said the soft voice , “ the same thing will never happen again . did , my lord . ; and if you were at rome , the house of thomson & french would make no more difficulty about paying the money on my receipt than you have just done . ” contrary fellow and might come back on purpose to have us hanged . ” mazarin . of ‘ mad dog ! ’ you would take	54.88020324707031
your <unk> would unhesitatingly shoot the poor beast , who , after all , was only guilty of having been bitten by another dog . ” , and go first ; we will see where it leads to . ” the glass ; he uttered a cry . no longer understand you , madame , ” said felton . day in exhibiting his musketeer ’ s uniform in every street of the camp . from his belt and cut the cord . on <unk> previously prepared for their reception in the right-hand crypt belonging to the saint-méran family . <unk> ” said friquet , “ monsieur <unk> know who he is , he gives holy water at saint <unk> ” clue to your griefs ; the curious suck	80.4207992553711
our tears as flies suck the blood of a wounded hart . ” one whom you could prefer , i would not be so <unk> ” as must have been already perceived , who made but little noise , and yet was much sought after . say that fifty francs will be enough for us at present , and that we will wait for the rest . ” found the following letter , that which he had sought at the risk of his life : may amount to two ... franz would have found it impossible to resist his extreme curiosity to know more of so singular a personage , and with that intent have sought to renew their short acquaintance ; but in the present instance ,	85.2171630859375
the confidential nature of the conversation he had overheard made him , with propriety , judge that his appearance at such a time would be anything but agreeable . are soon cut off , ” said danglars . friends met with m. de tréville , who was returning from st. germain ; he stopped them to offer his compliments upon their appointments , which in an instant drew round them a hundred <unk> . five or six millions which form your real capital , you have just lost nearly two millions , which must , of course , in the same degree diminish your credit and fictitious fortune ; to follow out my <unk> , your skin has been opened by bleeding , and this if repeated three	78.95317840576172
or four times will cause <unk> pay attention to it , my dear monsieur danglars . ill . ” endeavoring to catch all that was said , in observing the proceeding of the cardinal , and in looking out for all the couriers who arrived . ” said felton , touching the bag of money with his foot . ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . ? ” said the marquise , “ attend to your <unk> , your <unk> , and embroidery , but do not meddle with what you do not understand . were a mere matter of form . exactly . ” o ’ clock . there were , it would be impossible to draw up with impunity two such deeds as these . mantle-piece	34.959537506103516
threw some of its pale rays without , and a shadow was seen for one moment on the balcony . king asked the cardinal when this fête should take place ; and every day the cardinal , under some pretext , deferred fixing it . me ? ” to speak of the future and to build castles in the air . carrying me off . ” about it ? ” disposed of them according to your fancy , and i asked no questions ; but it is not the less true that you have this year received 500,000 livres . ” but you leave the best company to go into the worst sometimes . madame de chevreuse , with a slight sigh and a little movement of her	55.99732208251953
eyebrows that was peculiarly her own , “ since that time everything has changed . ” of my brother . you have lost 700,000 francs ? ” you will be discovered , arrested , obliged to kill me , which would be a crime unworthy of loyal gentlemen like you . ” andrea , “ admitting your love , why do you want me to breakfast with you ? ” tell me , if your sister listened to such a proposition ? ” diverted from this fancy . riches chimerical ? <unk> of the brain of the poor abbé faria , had they not died with him ? were intimate , maximilian ? ” , who as yet knew nobody in the capital , he only found one	64.44612884521484
chocolate breakfast at the house of a priest of his own province , and one dinner at the house of a cornet of the guards . d ’ armilly , who thanked the count for the letters of introduction he had so kindly given her for italy , which she intended immediately to make use of . see me already so <unk> can i introduce into my house so much scandal , after so much sorrow ? ? ” inquired the vicomte de bragelonne . villefort , “ he had put it in the foundling hospital . ” ! ” then , ” said dantès . athos , with a singular smile . change , analogous to the change in his dress ; his figure had grown <unk>	56.6111946105957
and , as it were , <unk> . madame . ” he exclaimed . and to-morrow we ’ ll return your visit . ” then , in sinbad the sailor ? ” asked he , smiling . , and nothing had been heard of either the one or the other . the count , and to express regret that he had not returned in sufficient time ; but pastrini reassured him by saying that the count of monte cristo had ordered a second carriage for himself , and that it had gone at four o ’ clock to fetch him from the rospoli palace . i see , ” said the count , in a voice hoarse from emotion . not think the morcerfs would yield to the	30.269987106323242
cavalcanti ? ” ” it is for you to accuse her first . ” us , ” he said ; “ i must speak freely to her , accuse myself , and say ” —he approached the door , touched the crystal handle , which yielded to his hand . harnesses , either against one horse or a hundred pistoles . a man of no name , who will only be the tool of a party in france . the abuse of the day seemed to glide over his head as the sarcasms of the evening before had done ; but hatred and revenge were accumulating in his heart silently and drop by drop . great a friend of <unk> as i am of d ’ artagnan i	65.47218322753906
should have followed him even into the inside of the whale itself ; and you would have done the same , aramis . ” planchet , “ let us thank the queen . be recognized , why the saddle will suffice for that ; it is quite remarkable enough . , amongst the men whom you do not recognize as your <unk> you have said so , ” observed villefort in a tone that faltered <unk> “ you alone are perfect . ” dear companion , ” said he , “ you speak of the <unk> , <unk> , and princesses of others ? ” , which his father had delighted to train before his window , had all disappeared from the upper part of the house .	46.06233596801758
coachman , gallop on . ” me ! ” cried anne , with that disdainful curl of the lips peculiar to her , “ i believe that you are yourself interrogating . ” grooms , and delivering the prisoner into his charge , with orders to shoot him through the head if he attempted to escape , he leaped from his horse and approached raoul . that there is a secret of luxury and pain in death , as well as in life ; the only thing is to understand it . ” and movement was added to the crowd . ? ” repeated the young girl . ? ” said fernand . felton . door ; this light announced the reappearance of her jailers . . albert	46.270442962646484
, as if to seek a hidden meaning in his words , but it was evident the young man uttered them in the simplicity of his heart . , these <unk> , which i alone possess , to be destroyed ? do you expect to breakfast ? ” said beauchamp . answered beauchamp . for instantly . ” s signature there was , indeed , the seal of the sublime emperor . table was cleared ; but milady remarked that this time felton did not accompany the soldiers . sure about the women , for they did not come in until after he had taken hashish , so that what he took for women might have been simply a row of statues . ” ” will break in	58.27769470214844
the window . carry me off , or leave me paralyzed for life . ” with the queen in a gilded chariot . voiture ill ? ” inquired a gentleman who had spoken to athos in the rue saint honore ; “ what is the matter with him ? ” ’ artagnan ’ s mind the handkerchief which he had found at the feet of mme . ” in her favor . then ? ” or rather i suspect that you feel it ; and in order to spare you all the annoyances of a nocturnal arrival in a port and all the fatigues of landing , i send one of my officers to meet you , i place a carriage at his orders , and he brings	41.4438591003418
you hither to this castle , of which i am governor , whither i come every day , and where , in order to satisfy our mutual desire of seeing each other , i have prepared you a chamber . i hear , ” stammered the queen . during the prescribed three months to her estate of saint-méran ; i say hers , for she inherits it today . the king eagerly . an idea of the perfect change that had taken place . gentlemen , ” said mordaunt , impatiently , “ let us depart . ” infallibility which you appear to possess , i rank that of candidly acknowledging a fault . ’ soup in an iron saucepan ; this saucepan contained soup for both prisoners	95.39241790771484
, for dantès had noticed that it was either quite full , or half empty , according as the turnkey gave it to him or to his companion first . , then , was it not ? ” to the water ’ s edge , and below them was a boat floating on the tide . i know nothing ; i have no part to play . orders had been issued by the count ; he himself had given a plan to bertuccio , marking the spot where each tree was to be planted , and the shape and extent of the lawn which was to take the place of the paving-stones . my neck , and fear nothing . ” he ; “ pity <unk> me !	56.9444694519043
have been manufactured ? ” i sold them to visitors , who considered them great curiosities ; but i have still something left . ” , for every spot they passed showed that they were on the road back . then , so rich and powerful ? ” ? ” leisure hours in the donjon of vincennes . the same arrangements with the new landlord that we had with the old ; and it was of this man that i intended to ask shelter . ” the count , “ did you ever know the name of this woman ? ” muttered the wounded man , “ the king is a prisoner . ” ” said raoul , forcing himself to convey a respect by speech that did	45.47010040283203
not come from his heart , “ if you are a priest you have an opportunity , as my friend has told you , of <unk> your vocation . name of the place when the wind blew my letter away , i suppose to the spaniards ; there ’ s no use in thinking any more about athos . ! ” said andrea , who knew the delicate sense of hearing possessed by the walls ; “ for heaven ’ s sake , do not speak so loud ! ” the man , who could scarcely believe in such <unk> , “ but is it not to have me hanged ? ” progress , however , sufficed to disperse the gloomy fancies that had clouded the young man	49.76557922363281
’ s bright anticipations ; and the hitherto <unk> pleasure of <unk> pleasure which is sweet even to those who have never known <unk> to raoul to <unk> not only heaven and earth , but especially that blue but dim horizon of life we call the future . loss of blood by <unk> . , came into her mind before going to bed . that , he was <unk> for so prompt a departure ; but raoul was so happy that this reflection effaced everything else from the consideration of his guardian . , i will spit you all like <unk> ! ” again mingling with the throng , were taking a last look at the martyr king . it ? ” heart , madame , ” replied	84.95356750488281
the count , “ and he has acted rightly . , the king will have no further resources in england or in scotland ; and if he is not captured or killed , he will endeavor to pass over into france to recruit soldiers and to <unk> himself with arms and money . interfere with you in anything , my friend , ” said the count ; “ gather your strawberries , if , indeed , there are any left . ” , and you poison me ! ” sure of it , ” said morcerf . path which , going out from the road , skirted the <unk> . ” awaited the return of his companions . he had been looking at on the table , and	35.13523864746094
stood with his head drooping on his breast , as though overwhelmed by the perseverance and strength of faria ’ s mind . have been quite ignorant of the time , for daylight did not reach his cell . _ ” said the individual whose description we have twice given , entering the door , “ what a great deal of ceremony ! . be registered as charlotte backson . ” must <unk> ” said maximilian ; “ but don ’ t attach any serious importance , dear , to what your father said . table without another word and ate with an appetite that did honor to the confidence that was ever inspired in him by d ’ artagnan ’ s inventive imagination . man who ranks	60.073001861572266
amongst the most ancient nobility of italy , whose name dante has celebrated in the tenth canto of _the <unk> , you remember it , do you not ? them , ” remarked fernand . soldiers at the door of each drawing-room , and was advancing towards danglars , preceded by a commissary of police , girded with his scarf . no one , ” replied d ’ artagnan , who was beginning to be angry . was heard , and the man dropped like an ox on his face , and then turned over on his back . double prayer , when a nun softly tapped at the door of the cell . place in my house , though they now occupy the public mind , will	49.827850341796875
be forgotten in time , or if , indeed , a few enemies should persist in remembering them , why then i will add them to my list of crimes . princess then . ” by that pride of conscious innocence which is the <unk> to hope ; then he began to doubt his own innocence , which justified in some measure the governor ’ s belief in his mental alienation ; and then , relaxing his sentiment of pride , he addressed his <unk> , not to god , but to man . are better mounted than he . ” of his companions and the golden fringe of the cardinal ’ s cloak , he waited till the horsemen had turned the angle of the road ,	82.39087677001953
and having lost sight of them , he returned at a gallop to the inn , which was opened to him without hesitation . aramis , “ for we not only require to be well served in order to succeed , but moreover , not to fail ; for in case of failure , heads are in question , not for our <unk> ” quite sure . , his countenance full of animation and joy . villefort , more and more amazed , and really supposing he was speaking to a <unk> or a madman , “ you consider yourself as one of those extraordinary beings whom you have mentioned ? ” him in again , and by the light of a lamp on the staircase made him	46.7714729309082
ascend the steps backward one by one , keeping his eyes all the time on mordaunt ’ s hands , who , however , knowing that it was useless , attempted no resistance . and it must be admitted that she seemed very anxious . ” behind him was a pursuing boat , and he redoubled his exertions , increasing rapidly his distance from the château , but exhausting his strength . do now ? ” asked the young man . found out at last to whom the horse and jockey belonged ? ” ; if valentine is not now dead , she will not die . ” ” murmured franz . . porthos , “ mouston has no desire to fight ; besides , they have erected	58.62055969238281
a triumphal arch for me to enter my barony , which will kill my neighbors with envy . ” streets . ” said he , “ do you know if m. de morcerf has any enemy ? ” , ” cried flamarens . truth ? ” he said ; “ but whether it be for recompense or punishment , i accept my fate . steward , ” said he , “ that you have yet to learn that all things are to be sold to such as care to pay the price . ” following the main street he turned behind the château , reached a sort of retired lane , and found himself soon in front of the pavilion named . aid to king charles and they	50.02260971069336
performed <unk> to save him ; had it not been for an <unk> destiny , that beloved monarch would this day have been among us . ” , where the road was confined between two high banks , they fell in with eight or ten men who , taking advantage of the road being <unk> in this spot , appeared to be employed in digging holes and filling up the ruts with mud . fatality . ” cried aramis . ? again if you are back within six days , and have executed your commission well . ” young men made no attempt at resistance , but blindly and <unk> surrendered themselves into the care and custody of their <unk> . nothing remains in the memory but a	92.38272094726562
vague mist in which a thousand confused images of trees , mountains , and landscapes are lost . a noble heart , ” said the count ; “ so much the better . ” ? , m. <unk> ? ” cried beauchamp , “ the minister <unk> <unk> , what shall we come to next ? ” the most beautiful , expressive and terrible <unk> that has ever emanated from the fruitful pen of <unk> . they , “ not in bed at a quarter past eleven . since the evening before , my fears prevented my feeling hunger . said d ’ artagnan , “ can go and inform monsieur laporte . ” , that if i leave you , <unk> ” by passing his arm round	48.81680679321289
her waist ; but as he felt by her weight she was on the point of fainting , he made haste to reassure her by protestations of devotedness . ” back . confess to you that i was all ready to follow them and am still ready to rejoin them , in spite of all the <unk> in the world . ” he , “ read ! an instant on the lips of d ’ artagnan . , started on hearing these words pronounced with such a haughty and dignified accent ; it appeared to him as if there was something <unk> gloomy and terrible in the expression which gleamed from the brilliant eyes of haydée at this moment ; she appeared like a <unk> <unk> a spectre	40.868568420410156
, as she recalled to his mind the remembrance of the fearful death of this man , to the news of which all europe had listened with horror . i sorrow for madame danglars ? very much to blame for talking thus to other men ; one would say he had never had to do with any but women and children . ” and bounds , trials of strength , fancies , if i may be allowed so to term them . ” , a noble nature , edmond , and i see by your paleness and agitation what is passing in your heart at this moment . courtyard , walked all over the house , without giving any sign of approbation or pleasure , until he entered	66.40631866455078
his bedroom , situated on the opposite side to the closed room ; then he approached a little piece of furniture , made of rosewood , which he had noticed at a previous visit . ” said raoul to the wounded man . the rest , had , besides the main entrance , another in the rue de <unk> . be in his own house , and only see them when he thinks fit to do so . ” , for the rest , executed with a silent rapidity that gave a good idea of the way in which he maintained discipline . i had a minute ’ s hope . , scarcely twenty-three years old . vengeance , athos had requested to be conducted to the garden	48.278507232666016
; and there upon the sand following the light steps of this woman , who left sharp tracks wherever she went , he advanced toward the gate which led into the wood , and causing it to be opened , he went out into the forest . ” are mad , on my honor , ’ replied m. de villefort ; ‘ they fancy that their countryman is still emperor . if persistence is not a virtue ? ” the hand of julie , who rushed into his arms , he extended his other hand to emmanuel ; then tearing himself from this abode of peace and happiness , he made a sign to maximilian , who followed him passively , with the indifference which had been perceptible	62.359703063964844
in him ever since the death of valentine had so stunned him . i am not hungry . ” gazed on the abbé with a sensation almost amounting to terror . some singular chance , the owner of the winning horse must live in the same hotel as myself ; but , as i entered my apartments , i beheld the very gold cup awarded as a prize to the unknown horse and rider . around , recognized them , and uttered an exclamation of savage delight . , ” said villefort . are rich ! athos and porthos , who were coming to see him . of beautiful , poetical , and loving women , ” said athos , after a considerable pause , raising his head	51.71058654785156
, and forgetting to continue the fiction of the count . a league from the city . ! ” said porthos . lots ! , ” cried felton , “ and do not speak to me thus ; i came to entreat you to promise me upon your honor , to swear to me by what you hold most sacred , that you will make no attempt upon your life . ” full information concerning my arrival ? ” i ’ m very sorry that i did not strangle him as you advised me , ” said porthos . the abbé , in a tone which made the dying man shudder ; “ have patience ! ” indeed exacting , my dear fellow ! ” at eight o	29.185680389404297
’ clock this evening ? ” king ’ s musketeers . ” which is the present , you may <unk> . is that—— ” which you <unk> understand chemistry , madame . the more honorable men there are here the better i shall be satisfied . ” , a corsican who has sworn to avenge himself cares not for distance , so his carriage , fast as it went , was never above half a day ’ s journey before me , who followed him on foot . comte , ” replied d ’ artagnan , who felt that by degrees athos was resuming that great influence which aristocracy had over him . , ’ i said . ” so , and as i had my boat and	48.414398193359375
a <unk> to take in at sea , everything favored my project . arrived ; two feet of earth removed , and dantès ’ fate would be decided . were followed or not he set off ; his regiment , which bore the name of the regiment of <unk> , from the name of his archbishopric , darted after him and began the fight . found him again , but he is lackey no longer . ” at least ten . ” he said ; “ but where can i get a chisel to take the planks out , a gimlet to pierce the cask ? ” friend ? in hopeless expectation on my part , while i must do the magistrate the justice to say that he	73.73973846435547
used every means to obtain information of the person i declared could exculpate me if he would . see what is to be derived from this gloss . to the point ? ” cried the baroness , shivering with anger and impatience . men of the sword chapter xvi . annum would make four millions of capital . ” , wife , ” replied caderousse sharply . preferred money in hand to all that fine talk , for he knew well that to mazarin it was easy to promise and hard to perform . ” the count , who was by this time perfectly master of himself again . was lame and <unk> had but one eye . ” sea , and her form was outlined on the	77.46220397949219
blue ocean and sky . went to the theatre , and installed themselves in the count ’ s box . heat of the fire ; the other ten were sunk three hundred fathoms deep into the sea . the rue des petits champs and turning to the left entered the little garden gate leading into the rue richelieu ; then they gained the private staircase and d ’ artagnan was ushered into the oratory . in the year of grace <unk> . ” duplessis , cardinal de richelieu ; not such as he is now <unk> down like an old man , suffering like a martyr , his body bent , his voice failing , buried in a large armchair as in an anticipated tomb ; no longer	77.47694396972656
living but by the strength of his genius , and no longer maintaining the struggle with europe but by the eternal application of his <unk> such as he really was at this period ; that is to say , an active and gallant cavalier , already weak of body , but sustained by that moral power which made of him one of the most extraordinary men that ever lived , preparing , after having supported the duc de nevers in his duchy of mantua , after having taken nîmes , <unk> , and <unk> , to drive the english from the isle of ré and lay siege to la rochelle . white plume at the battle of <unk> . again hungry ; certainly the air of that dungeon	88.21099090576172
was very <unk> of appetite . i should find there people who would force me to understand things of which i would prefer to remain ignorant , and who would try to explain to me , in spite of myself , a mystery which even they do not understand . complied , although not asked in the most polite terms . and threw it open ; he recognized louvieres at the head of a troop of about three or four thousand men . certainly not ! ” prepared for the king and another for monsieur . , my friend ? ” <unk> against such infamy ? ” asked the abbé ; “ if not , you were an accomplice . ” to be done ? ” , the	47.3892936706543
king ought to defend himself to the last . ” , after all these <unk> . ” wedding would shortly take place , as the young man was received at the banker ’ s as the betrothed . some time with an expression which the young man took for doubt , but which , however , was nothing but observation , or rather the wish to <unk> . half past ten . possessed by the demon of hate or cupidity , who has an enemy to destroy , or some near relation to dispose of , goes straight to the <unk> ’ s or <unk> ’ s , gives a false name , which leads more easily to his detection than his real one , and under the	60.7351188659668
pretext that the <unk> prevent him from sleeping , purchases five or six <unk> of <unk> he is really a cunning fellow , he goes to five or six different <unk> or <unk> , and thereby becomes only five or six times more easily traced ; —then , when he has acquired his specific , he <unk> duly to his enemy , or near <unk> , a dose of arsenic which would make a <unk> or <unk> burst , and which , without <unk> or reason , makes his victim utter groans which alarm the entire neighborhood . and excellent young man . ” know that my hand <unk> far , and that you shall pay very dearly for the hundred louis you have from me . ”	101.92192077636719
s receipt in a little pocket-book , he added : — “ yes , come at twelve o ’ clock ; i shall then be far away . ” now learn to write . awakened in the middle of the night and did not know what it all was about . between us ; but , first , i will state the case to them . the latter . <unk> <unk> ; the door was opened , and the young men , eagerly alighting , found themselves opposite a _cicerone_ , who appeared to have sprung up from the ground , so unexpected was his appearance . shown to him with the same attention that he had bestowed on the curiosities and strange tools exhibited in the <unk>	47.05732345581055
at marseilles as the works of the <unk> in the south <unk> from whence they had been brought by the different trading vessels . reflected that a man who had the least intention to betray would not warn first . for the prisoner , as well as for those who were preparing his escape ; only for him it passed more slowly . the steward , “ it is fatality , i am sure . and at six o ’ clock had already gone ten miles . <unk> , ” said the visitor , “ and although you are said to be rich , i will venture to offer you something for your poor people ; will you accept my offering ? ” the fatal spot without stopping	50.48292541503906
. , ” replied monte cristo ; “ but when i visit a country i begin to study , by all the means which are available , the men from whom i may have anything to hope or to fear , till i know them as well as , perhaps better than , they know themselves . closed the gate and fastened the string to the nail , and cast a look around . noirtier disinherits mademoiselle de villefort because she is going to marry m. le baron franz d ’ épinay ? ” pale lips of mercédès ; the old man sank into a chair . do with him ? ” read these lines , seen the signature , and recognized the seal , when he bowed	42.4523811340332
to <unk> that he had no longer any objection to make , and that he was ready to obey . excellency . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ you would do as much , mr . given the sailor on duty an order to be on the watch with more than usual vigilance , went down into the longboat and soon reached greenwich . ” answered aramis , “ pray tell me a day or two beforehand , that i may take that opportunity of going to paris . ” of taking quarters with senor <unk> seems to me very reasonable , and for my part i agree to it . then said , “ this is it , word for word : ‘ the king ’ s	44.486045837402344
attorney is informed by a friend to the throne and religion , that one edmond dantès , mate on board the _pharaon_ , this day arrived from smyrna , after having touched at naples and porto-ferrajo , has been intrusted by murat with a packet for the usurper ; again , by the usurper , with a letter for the bonapartist club in paris . of which we speak was that of his <unk> payment , and scarron , as usual , had sent his servant to get his money at the <unk> , but the man had returned and said that the government had no more money to give monsieur scarron . the alarm , and in an instant all were on the alert . artagnan blushed	49.32342529296875
; in the antechamber he trembled . three musketeers put to one another . , and my stomach feels as if it were struggling to get accustomed to <unk> ” noirtier did not lose a word of what valentine said . to his own home , ” said d ’ artagnan , as if he had done nothing but command all his life ; “ and attention ! d ’ artagnan , getting rid of his female garments , and appearing in his shirt , “ prepare yourself to hear an incredible , an unheard-of story . ” it since my childhood . ” the island for faria , and faria gave dantès advice as to the means he should employ to recover the treasure . has not	58.54530334472656
a lady with him . ” with as much stupefaction as the others , for he knew not how he could in any way find himself mixed up with the horrible drama then unfolded . to him , for he usually attracted a crowd of spectators in the bay before the lighthouse at marseilles when he swam there , and was unanimously declared to be the best swimmer in the port . whilst d ’ artagnan was leaning over the aperture to listen , a <unk> sound , as if some one was moving a bag of gold , struck on his ear ; he started ; instantly afterward a door opened and a light played upon the staircase . at him with amazement . ” returned gaetano	71.08049774169922
, repeating franz ’ s words . , that on the table round which they were sitting were pens , ink , and paper . interrupted château-renaud . the world you invoke , try to prove to that world that you are neither guilty nor mad ! ’ ? ” with a lantern . the mendicant . confidence she has even placed in mazarin ’ s hands that famous <unk> remember all about it—that i once sold to monsieur des essarts and of which , i don ’ t know how , she has regained possession . ” ” she said . least , m. debray , i need not give a further description , because to you my beautiful pair of dappled grays were well known .	77.60594177246094
’ s horse and winter on that of the king ; then winter took his place at the head of the first squadron , and the king , with athos on his right and aramis on his left , at the head of the second . friends a journey to the waters of forges ; they stopped on the road , but you continued yours . anne , “ ’ tis reasonable , since you only ask from a queen the sixth of what the parliament has proposed ; ” and she signed an order for a hundred thousand francs . villefort ; “ certainly , madame , you appear to <unk> some cases , and exaggerate others . cunning than de richelieu was ! you that i	47.19652557373047
considered it best to avoid all explanation . ” well ! ’ returned the old man in a hoarse voice ; ‘ embrace me , my son . ’ number of other ways including checks , online payments and credit card donations . gambler if i were not too hot-headed ; but i was hot-headed , just as if i had been drinking . cardinal laporte ’ s place , which he accepted and went from one carriage to the other . ” on his way , and finding a malicious satisfaction in causing the adherents of his foes to prostrate themselves at his feet . that treat when breakfasting with you , ” said morcerf . . for it . ” said château-renaud . approach . put	57.27186965942383
down his helm , in order to leave la pianosa to <unk> , as he knew that he should shorten his course by two or three knots . said d ’ artagnan ; and nodding to planchet , he went out . you restore me to life ! ” cried aramis . month before i was arrested , and a fortnight after the death of the count of spada , on the 25th of december ( you will see presently how the date became fixed in my memory ) , i was reading , for the <unk> time , the papers i was arranging , for the palace was sold to a stranger , and i was going to leave rome and settle at florence , intending to	47.39357376098633
take with me twelve thousand francs i possessed , my library , and the famous breviary , when , tired with my constant labor at the same thing , and overcome by a heavy dinner i had eaten , my head dropped on my hands , and i fell asleep about three o ’ clock in the afternoon . xxx . friends to accept it . longer for his <unk> , but for himself . differently from what he expected that he was stupefied with wonder . , monsieur , ’ i replied ; ‘ he has perished by the poniard . ’ then , to bragelonne ? ” eugénie ’ s sagacity and the influence of mademoiselle d ’ armilly ; she had frequently observed the contemptuous	60.07936477661133
expression with which her daughter looked upon debray , —an expression which seemed to imply that she understood all her mother ’ s amorous and pecuniary <unk> with the intimate secretary ; moreover , she saw that eugénie detested debray , not only because he was a source of <unk> and scandal under the paternal roof , but because she had at once <unk> him in that catalogue of bipeds whom <unk> endeavors to withdraw from the appellation of men , and whom diogenes designated as animals upon two legs without feathers . exclaimed , as though a red-hot iron were piercing his heart . evening a hundred <unk> scarron was at his hundredth bon mot on the subject ; he was very nearly at the end of	143.2393035888672
his <unk> <unk> , but one despairing effort saved him . play the <unk> with an unarmed man ? ” his queen , or rather , against her minister . some dog ’ s trick or other , and that immediately , ” said tréville . ? athos , “ swear on this cross , which , in spite of its magnificent material , is still a cross ; swear to be united in spite of everything , and forever , and may this oath bind us to each other , and even , also , our descendants ! , ” said he ; “ all danger is over. ” the woman looked up at these words , and , with a glance far more expressive than any	70.21434020996094
entreaties could have been , pointed to her child , who still continued insensible . the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . it be directly ! ” exclaimed the young man . such months , ” continued monte cristo , in the same tone . , and yet it seems to me that when the minister is out of spirits , the opposition ought to be joyous . ” to hear his dinner praised , and began accordingly , but at the first words he was interrupted . , but are they not going to give me any dinner ? ” a little pocket-book with golden clasps , a	33.22046661376953
remnant of his old fancies , or perhaps a tender souvenir from one of the mysterious and veiled ladies who used to knock at his little door , <unk> took out of this pocket-book a note of 1,000 francs . , ” said mazarin . ” cried the latter , “ when you haven ’ t your cloak on . ” ” cried the host ; “ open it instantly , sir monk ! ” ? ” by means of which i could <unk> the lungs , ” said d ’ avrigny , looking around him , “ perhaps i might prevent suffocation . for an instant to pursue master friquet , but not wishing to leave raoul alone he contented himself with taking a pistol from the	62.18071746826172
<unk> and cocking it . athos , “ that ’ s grimaud ’ s business . ” ” said the magistrate , who had risen from his seat ; “ i leave you , bearing a remembrance of you—a remembrance of esteem , which i hope will not be disagreeable to you when you know me better ; for i am not a man to bore my friends , as you will learn . terms so moving , that even the officer was touched , and , although firm in his duty , he kindly said , “ my worthy friend , let me beg of you to calm your apprehensions . speed of his horse and went on , his head drooping as if in deep thought	48.34719467163086
. declivity to the south , yonder on my hill , gives me twenty <unk> . ” ? ” done ? ” s order , and my dying grandmother ’ s wish ? you are not monsieur de tréville . ” ’ said luigi , drawing back his hand ; ‘ i render a service , i do not sell it . ’ ? ” one report , but four men fell . fencing master in paris , i made an agreement with him to take a lesson every day , and every day for a year i took that lesson . my word ; and you hurt me <unk> , i can tell you . , you say ? ” . destruction , and it is from	42.388694763183594
her we inherit all our miseries . ” , ” resumed the duke , “ the superintendent emery , who gave his son , when he was married , three hundred thousand francs and a house , compared to which the tuileries are a heap of ruins and the louvre a paltry building ? ” ” he replied , “ i alighted at the hotel de madrid , in the rue de <unk> . ” ” returned villefort , “ my profession , as well as the times in which we live , compels me to be severe . two <unk> will and my money . re-entered the garden alone . beadle ? ” said the verger . my god , have pity on me ! ” you	35.30352020263672
, you could collect together to-night ? ” of la rochelle with the cardinal . i first heard you spoken of by my friend wilmore , the philanthropist . the matter with your hand , d ’ artagnan ? <unk> on the first <unk> seems to have been fitted up entirely afresh . ” the <unk> of <unk> , and as the protection of the general , who is in the highest favor , was accorded to him , he was a captain in 1823 , during the spanish <unk> is to say , at the time when danglars made his early speculations . of your cell faces <unk> <unk> a minute , now where does it face ? ” this morning ? ” he inquired . ’	50.48202133178711
artagnan was near uttering a cry of surprise ; it was not aramis who was conversing with the nocturnal visitor , it was a woman ! , and touched stone ; he rose to his seat , and found himself lying on his <unk> in a bed of dry <unk> , very soft and <unk> . consider that i have abundantly exercised that in beginning every morning the task of the night before , and every night renewing the task of the day . anne of austria had entered the king ’ s room . athos , “ it is not raoul about whom i am anxious , for i trust he will conduct himself like a gentleman ; and if he is killed—well , he will die	43.736873626708984
<unk> ; but <unk> such a misfortune <unk> ” athos passed his hand across his pale brow . the comte de la fere . ” she , returning the knife to the young officer , “ this is fine and good steel . like , my prince ; there ’ s liberty for all the world . for them . ” d ’ artagnan had the <unk> head of the four , ” said athos , who , having uttered his opinion , to which d ’ artagnan replied with a bow , immediately resumed his accustomed silence . doctor , ” said villefort , “ he is quite coming round again ; i really do not think , after all , it is anything of consequence .	35.088165283203125
” had in some degree broken the thread of his ideas . had run , with the first instinct of a woman towards the man she loves , and who yet betrays her , <unk> could but give her advice , she must apply to someone more powerful than he . the greater part will be furnished afterwards by the state in which we find the affairs of the testator , and by yourself , who , having had the management of them , can doubtless give full information on the subject . to choose your career , ” observed the count of morcerf , with a sigh ; “ and you have chosen the path strewed with flowers . ” with astonishment , and then said ,	59.836517333984375
‘ what is your business with me , monsieur ? , ” stammered milady , “ i am not really very intimate with any of them . ! ” cried morrel . ; you are not afraid ? ” said d ’ artagnan , coming back to recommend courage to his lackey . to me and yet quite firm in his determination to refuse . trademark license , especially commercial redistribution . exclamation appears quite theatrical and affected . albert expressed his wish to franz debray , and morrel , to see them at the opera that evening . madame , if you have any affection for me . ” intentions ? ” said the governor , when the task was ended . ; villefort started with joy	37.796695709228516
. pistoles ; where is it ? ” time of her relations with monsieur de buckingham ; it had to do in some way with certain studs and diamonds . ” the cheeks of valentine , for the name just announced by the count dispelled all the fear with which his presence had inspired her . replied the young girl , whose astonishment increased at every word uttered by luigi , ‘ but of course your reply was only to please me . ’ nothing which concerns me . strange <unk> ” she checked herself . nothing . sir , ” asked she , “ who has the kindness to trouble yourself so particularly on my account ? ” of the malady to which the prisoner had succumbed	59.28616714477539
, and declared that he was dead . said athos , “ what is to be done ? d ’ artagnan spoken of as a very brave young man , ” said the citizen ; “ and this reputation which he justly enjoys had decided me to confide a secret to him . ” remain here permanently , as monsieur mazarin has kindly given me to understand , i must provide myself with a diversion for my old age , i must turn gourmand . ” ; be assured we shall not . ” above us ; the castle of yanina rose white and angular from the blue waters of the lake , and the immense masses of black <unk> which , viewed in the distance , gave	50.20985794067383
the idea of <unk> clinging to the rocks , were in reality gigantic <unk> and myrtles . me , my lord , provided you want to make a complete <unk> of the city . ” arrest was being <unk> in every different form . “ the three graces , ” now in the louvre . for <unk> , my dear child ? ” was hiding something under his mantle , which he laid on the grass in order to dig more freely . aramis . ; it is not a law , but merely a custom , and , i pray of you , do not <unk> this custom in your favor . wanted to kill me ! ” returned the turnkey . m. de villefort has been	39.459800720214844
telling me ? ” demanded monte cristo “ and what incomprehensible <unk> ” ” said debray , “ you have a splendid fortune , an income of about <unk> livres a year , which is enormous for a woman who can not keep an establishment here for a year , at least . reproaching me with selfishness , think a little what you have been to me—the beautiful but cold resemblance of a marble venus . me to show you the <unk> ” they passed silently into the breakfast-room , and everyone took his place . you remember , at the place royale . ” simple , ” replied athos . , and follow his example ; he is <unk> ! ” ” murmured he , “ if	40.22391128540039
the procureur himself had been at marseilles i should have been ruined . to him as a consequence of the affair of yesterday , and the two will pass off together . ” conversation that had been carried on in his presence ( for they always say and do what they like before the dear old man , without the smallest regard for his feelings ) had made a strong impression on his mind ; for , naturally enough , it must have <unk> him to hear the emperor he so devotedly loved and served spoken of in that <unk> manner . ” , are unhappy ? ” she said . , ” added aramis . d ’ artagnan , raising his voice in turn , “ i	62.01093673706055
am here , my friend . ” into their calash , both dressed in feminine attire . to the galleys for life , and i was immediately set at liberty . ” d ’ artagnan , “ all this will be only necessary till after tomorrow evening , for when once with the army , we shall have , i hope , only men to dread . ” who plays ! ” exclaimed lucien ; “ it is madame danglars ; she is indeed daring . ” of the young man , his hands relaxed their hold , the objects in the room gradually lost their form and color , and his disturbed vision seemed to perceive doors and curtains open in the wall . then , ”	56.45411682128906
said aramis . the mission you are fulfilling ? said the count , “ did you never tell me that you had travelled in france ? ” quarter of an hour , however , surprised at the length of the journey , she leaned forward toward the door to see whither she was being conducted . to utter an exclamation of surprise when the other made to him a sign of silence . and delighted in the regiment when they saw the young man come back safe and sound . the two musketeers . ” replied aramis . the captain , ‘ we have still too much canvas set ; all hands lower the <unk> ! ’ five minutes after , it was down ; and we sailed	43.81760787963867
under <unk> and top-gallant sails . buckingham . said , in italian , as he was <unk> the steps and looking at a bag of <unk> , “ faith , there ’ s enough to pay five councillors of parliament , and two generals in paris . caderousse , wiping his large knife on his apron , “ if i did not like you , do you think i should endure the wretched life you lead me ? nothing from any other quarter ? ” fate the better , after all—to solve the problem of life at its source , even at the risk of horrible suffering ? milady , here am i ! ” cried kitty , springing forward to meet her mistress . , has he	68.30512237548828
not , madame ? ” asked the count . accomplished if you had been free ? ” this seclusion , which would have improved and <unk> the intellect of any other man , m. de beaufort , had he not affected to brave the cardinal , despise princes , and walk alone without adherents or disciples , would either have regained his liberty or made partisans . he <unk> <unk> lovely <unk> least he returns to do that . ” told already , monseigneur , ” cried bonacieux , giving his interrogator the title he had heard the officer give him , “ but i swear to you that i know nothing about it . ” within 60 days following each date on which you prepare ( or	98.27947998046875
are <unk> required to prepare ) your <unk> tax returns . the count again . , athos ? ” athos , “ useless ! , whom i at first took for robbers , want with me , and why is monsieur bonacieux not here ? ” of ; only some said he was worth millions , and others that he did not possess a farthing . ” , who had it in his power to make it most unpleasant for the <unk> , remained calm and stern . , as much wit as all those put together who were assembled at the court to laugh at him . having both a sister and an adopted son , you have never spoken to me of either ? ” <unk>	89.97425842285156
, pointed and sculptured , that we catch a glimpse of yonder , are similar to those that i have heard described at <unk> . ” or third time , monsieur , that you have repeated that name , and yet i have told you that i do not know him . ” , who does not know when to sleep at the proper time . he , “ do not forget what you have just seen . ” 25 to come downstairs . ” peasant ’ s costume , and as she passed she raised her mask . , armed with their swords , and athos and aramis , each carrying a concealed poniard , approached the house which for the time being was charles stuart ’	50.71377182006836
s prison . , that faithful soul , that arm of steel , who for twenty years has awaited the word from your lips which will make him in rank what he is in sentiment and in courage . there , ” said aramis . . ” than that , ” said athos ; “ do not let us leave him during the whole evening . ” murmured winter , his eyes glazed and he allowed his sword to fall to his side . , ending in a sob , burst from the centre of the crowd , who encircled the lady who had before fainted , and who now fell into a violent fit of <unk> . new valet brought him the papers , and with them	51.26504135131836
a cup of chocolate . lip of eugénie . too . ” looked at athos as if seeking to read in his eyes a rule of conduct . is giving away hats like that , porthos , let us look out and both demand a regiment to-morrow . from the anxiety of its only and true chief , the royal army led a joyous life , neither provisions nor money being wanting in the camp . twenty rose-trees which formed the <unk> , not one bore the mark of the <unk> , nor were there evidences anywhere of the <unk> <unk> which is so destructive to plants growing in a damp soil . sir , ” she answered ; “ but you know , things impress us differently	122.3416519165039
, according to the mood of our <unk> ” villefort forced a laugh . , plunged his fingers into the holes which the balls had made , and tore up one of the planks entire . cannon so near that it was evident they were within a league of the field of battle , and at a turn of the road they perceived the little village of <unk> . it . ” not to understand me , and you understand me so well that you already yield , dear maximilian . i was looking over the wall , i saw a young and handsome woman who was walking alone in that garden , which was not overlooked by any windows , and i guessed that she was awaiting	47.4508056640625
m. de villefort . i am the happiest of men ! ” divert him , ” replied the count . debray , when she had left , “ these are fine projects ! it had been a long time since any one had needed him ; and that demand for his services on the part of mazarin seemed to him an auspicious sign . sir ! ” said athos , leaning and stretching out his arm to mordaunt with that air of dignity and nobility of soul habitual to him ; “ here i am , take my hand and jump into our boat . ” ; then he understood , and putting his hand into a drawer , he took from it a quantity of notes on	45.107032775878906
a bank in lyons . ” and he was convinced that no one was watching him . the same stature as his excellency , ” returned the host , pointing to albert . aramis , calmly . . ” before a tribunal i will still say , ‘ no , my daughter is not guilty ; —there is no crime in my house . , <unk> [ ebook # <unk> ] most recently updated : october 14 , <unk> language : english the duchesse de chevreuse and the duke of buckingham . ” created from several printed editions , all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included . porthos ; this time you have an idea .	75.68655395507812
” not long bear malice with a wife of twenty-three . ! ” triumphant , like the avenging angel ! , and marked a straight line on the pavement immediately at the entrance of the house , and then pointed out the line he had traced to the count , who was watching him . it is a strange thing and one which might astonish you , but i feel an indescribable horror at the sight of yonder man . why i take such care you shall not deprive me of mine . , and i did not dare inquire for you . learned since ? d ’ artagnan , “ our honor as soldiers is lost to us forever ! ” , charged him to offer the	52.989017486572266
two friends the key of his box at the argentina . call ; crushed , enfeebled , he remained standing and with listening ear ; then only when he had heard the step of the horse going away he fell back on a chair , saying : ” he said . ” said rochefort , “ there ’ s no great difference , i think , between a dead man and one who has been buried alive ; now i have been buried alive , or very nearly so . ” hair was neatly parted and hung in curls , forming a sort of dark frame around his face ; such was the fashion of the day . ? ” in rolling her husband up to the table	55.23246383666992
. ” said grimaud . prince ? ” on the ground , placed his carbine on his shoulder , and freed from his heavy covering , preceded the traveller with the rapid step of a <unk> , which a horse can scarcely keep up with . said the officer , in a jeering tone ; ‘ well , what do you want with me ? ’ ‘ i want you to spare time to take a walk with me. ’ ‘ tomorrow morning , if you like , with the greatest <unk> ’ ‘ no , not tomorrow morning , if you please , but immediately. ’ ‘ if you absolutely <unk> ’ ‘ i do insist upon it. ’ ‘ come , then . and implored him	47.28137969970703
, and at last he agreed . porthos ; “ i see nothing in that very extraordinary . ” ever a settled thing , ” said lucien , —and , considering that this remark was all that he was at that time called upon to make , he adjusted the glass to his eye , and biting the top of his gold headed cane , began to make the tour of the apartment , examining the arms and the pictures . was busy taking down some notes , raised his head at the mention of this date . i am quite sure i shall not be able to close my eyes . ” ” editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united	53.71116256713867
states copyright in these works , so the foundation ( and you ! ) and we sent him to the bastile , ” said mazarin . said the other , turning on his heels , and surveying the young man with as much astonishment as contempt . , with a slender figure and a forest of golden curls , such as raphael was fond of and titian has painted all his magdalens with . inquire , for i confess that i have scarcely courage so to do . ” it was the messenger from albert . are an accursed race ! ” no good , ” said athos ; “ but let us embark ; once out at sea , let him come . ” before with the	46.61088180541992
baggage , and they set out on the morning of the sixteenth . devoid of such weaknesses . , indeed i will , my dear porthos . ” , then , with me , sir ? ” have said , had been retained beforehand , and thus he had but to go to signor pastrini ’ s hotel . slowly uttered these words : “ she is still alive ! ” ; the authority of the king was to be maintained . franz to his friend , “ what think you of all this ? ” , i was wholly unable to do this ; so , by way of getting out of the scrape , i said , ‘ ask morcerf ; he has got the whole	35.15740966796875
history of his beloved monte cristo at his fingers ’ ends ; ’ <unk> the baroness signified her desire to see you . ” scene was repeated . all the prayers i have addressed to god for you while i thought you were living and since i have thought you must be dead ! reason i refused to go back to brussels . ” replied raoul . sir , ” he asked , “ that forget that this is not the manner to enter a house stricken with death ? captain , fight . the count ; “ i was forced to go out of my road to obtain some information near nîmes , so that i was somewhat late , and therefore i did not choose to	58.22444534301758
stop . ” of a woman could contain of haughty contempt and disdainful words , i poured out upon this man . <unk> she , clasping her hands . to say . ” the noble action this purse <unk> , we should not expose it thus to view . man placed between two dangerous positions , and who is rendered brave by fear . must be granted . ” already <unk> great , and she developed with his growing fortune . anxious and returned to his own room , where he summoned bernouin and desired him to fetch thither in the morning the special guard he had placed over monsieur de beaufort and to awaken him whenever he should arrive . him , edmond ? ” all this	70.27342987060547
was that the true hatred , the profound hatred , the inveterate hatred of milady , was increased by his not having killed her brother-in-law . after him , without adding another word , and returned to his apartments ; and when madame danglars recovered from her half-fainting condition , she could almost believe that she had had a disagreeable dream . believed to be extinct but which was only asleep , awoke again in his heart . , ” said aramis comrades , ” they said to the men , “ nothing will happen to you if you are discreet ; but if you stir you are dead men . ” 13 oh , yes ; it was in his service that my father made his fortune	76.6865234375
. ” , we ought to say skillfully , come in contact with the steel <unk> , which at that period , like a cuirass , defended the <unk> of women . , madame , ’ said he , wishing , no doubt , to profit by the absence of the husband , so that the latter could not influence the wife ’ s story , to see if the two <unk> <unk> . , and continued to descend . garden plucking the dead roses ; my brother is reading his two papers , _la <unk> and <unk> <unk> , within six steps of her ; for wherever you see madame herbault , you have only to look within a circle of four yards and you will find	58.92918014526367
m. emmanuel , and ‘ reciprocally , ’ as they say at the <unk> school . ” comminges . ” abbé ’ s words , however , were wholly incomprehensible to him ; but , like the <unk> which guides the <unk> in northern latitudes , opened new <unk> to the inquiring mind of the listener , and gave fantastic glimpses of new horizons , <unk> him justly to estimate the delight an intellectual mind would have in following one so richly gifted as faria along the heights of truth , where he was so much at home . , though there did not appear to be sufficient wind to <unk> the curls on the head of a young girl . for the young man . done the	99.287353515625
evening before , she fell on her knees and repeated her prayers aloud . grimaud ? ” done ! ” cried morrel , with one hand leaning on the back of the chair , and the other extended towards valentine . , had been seen in paris , and it was expected that he would <unk> to claim the illustrious outcast . could have any suspicion . spare him . ” indigestion , in spite of his grace , ” said d ’ artagnan . in greece . ” impressions ; perhaps , with regard to you , they are immaterial , but i should be no artist if i had not some fancies . ” ” said athos . sentiment affected all the guests on entering the	35.531497955322266
dining-room . thou learn it ? ” present , m. morrel , farewell , and a thousand thanks ! ” oh , if you loved me , that would be too great happiness , and i should run mad . but thinking the opportunity a good one , he begged him to have the diamond he put into his hand valued , as he wished to turn it into money . a serious annoyance , ” said morcerf , when beauchamp had finished the perusal of the paragraph . death-bed the crimes of others appear very small in comparison with one ’ s own , ” said the executioner ; and falling back exhausted he closed his eyes . whispered to porthos , as they proceeded . ”	50.220787048339844
the slightest inconvenience . ” friend , ” replied the doctor , “ you will soon cease to suffer . ” advance your outfit , ” said athos ; “ for if i am not mistaken , you have left the best of your <unk> with milady , and she will certainly not have the politeness to return it to you . ” cried milady , with vehemence , so that the baron might believe she was addressing heaven , and that felton might understand she was addressing him . truth of what he said , i thought proper to insist ; but without even giving himself the trouble to enter into any discussion with me , he took one of his pistols , laid it on his	42.77805709838867
table , day and night , and said that at the first word that should be spoken to him about removing , either within the house or out of it , he would blow out the brains of the person who should be so imprudent as to meddle with a matter which only concerned himself . as one finds it . valentine could not repress a shudder , which caused a vibration in the bed . share of the venture , ” said edmond , “ to remain with me ? ” , that when the circumstance surprised me in the midst of a family festival , on the very day of my betrothal , i left my bride and friends , <unk> everything , that i might	61.599727630615234
hasten to lay at your majesty ’ s feet the fears which impressed me , and the assurance of my devotion . ” air of heaven , and saw each other . <unk> future , my lost honor , my defiled love , and my salvation forever compromised by the despair into which you have cast me . that , —he is a devil ! ” returned the turnkey . well , ” said the workman aloud , in excellent english . number , not being able , in the midst of this crowd , to make their horses wheel around , began to give way . is an ambuscade , they will deliberate ; and by the time they have found out the pleasantry , we shall	61.14011764526367
be out of the range of their balls . or <unk> is , a little younger than <unk> sheep on a farm near palestrina ; she was an orphan , born at valmontone and was named teresa . ; their tears will deprive me of the courage to die . ” , sir ? ” said the king . . hundred thousand francs . ” said caderousse in a choking voice , “ i was there . ” , but i know not , count , how you contrived to inspire so much respect in the bandits of rome who ordinarily have so little respect for anything . ” he replied , “ i am the only victim in this case . to follow me ? ” slept	36.58736801147461
; not so the <unk> , and more thirsty than hungry . say , what has become of him ? ” and the door was closed , m. de tréville , on turning round , found himself alone with the young man . was a tremendous peal of thunder , while the livid lightning illumined the room , and the thunder , rolling away in the distance , seemed to withdraw <unk> from the cursed abode . . his underlings . ” said porthos , “ i must out with it at once , for i can ’ t keep to myself anything i have against you ; i haven ’ t been able to recognize you in this matter . ” vessel was a vain refuge ,	37.8640251159668
that trembled and shook before the tempest . porthos fell . he , “ i ’ m off to the bishop ’ s . <unk> , that friend so loyal that she refused the favor of the king that she might remain in mine ? ” ” a woman , ” continued tréville . had the room been empty , but unfortunately it was occupied . loud acclamations were heard . , 1815 , the <unk> at <unk> de la garde signalled the three-master , the _pharaon_ from smyrna , trieste , and naples . grimaud ; “ planchet , with a <unk> , indeed ! ” gets out of prison , ” said caderousse , who , with what sense was left him , listened eagerly to	59.30527877807617
the conversation , “ and when one gets out and one ’ s name is edmond dantès , one seeks <unk> ” she had pondered , analyzed , turned on all sides , examined on all points , the words , the steps , the gestures , the signs , and even the silence of her interlocutors ; and of this profound , skillful , and anxious study the result was that felton , everything considered , appeared the more <unk> of her two persecutors . . ’ if you did , depend upon it , fernand picked it up , and either copied it or caused it to be copied ; perhaps , even , he did not take the trouble of <unk> it . what the	94.33457946777344
new world has to do with the bottles which are on the commode and the wardrobe . the third time , with another shriek of anguish . an ambassador worthy of the high interests he is authorized to discuss with his sovereign . ” he put his horse into a gallop and advanced toward him . the light of planier , gleaming in front of him like a star . ? ” exclaimed a voice . replied the cardinal . madame , ” replied the woman , “ it is as i have said . ” , he collected all his strength to challenge you , and to defy you while challenging you . ” muttered athos , as if arrested by some recollection . striking than the	41.20115661621094
room he had just left ; it was entirely of marble , with antique <unk> of <unk> value ; and at the four corners of this apartment , which was oblong , were four magnificent statues , having baskets in their hands . you think that we ’ ve got them this time ? ” ” cried athos . be dressed ? ” demanded andrea . valentine , “ you can neither go out by the front door nor by the garden . ” police may be , they do know one terrible thing . ” fernand ; you would be revenged on him because i do not love you ; you would cross your catalan knife with his <unk> . replied athos , uncovering his breast ,	57.63547134399414
“ if your honor requires my death . ” offense committed . ” the first moment of surprise , shame , and terror , to triumph over her . better life than i lead now ; but monsieur mazarin is a mean wretch , who won ’ t <unk> himself of his diamond in my favor . ” <unk> ; d ’ artagnan ate in silence , revolving in his mind the most audacious plans . have told me to obey an order did i ever answer , ‘ let me see that order ’ ? ” shipowner quitted the two allies , and proceeded in the direction of the palais de justice . your count , and you shall have him all to yourself . penetration of	68.5938491821289
<unk> or the <unk> to have divined the irony the count concealed beneath these words , apparently uttered with the greatest politeness . and you must set off directly , ” replied mazarin ; “ go , pray , sir—— ” and it seemed to her , almost at the same time , that she heard the neighing of horses . he would not come up . ” villefort , “ believe me , a fortune of 900,000 francs is not so easily renounced . ” already mounted . , ” said monte cristo laying a marked stress on the title , “ what have i done for you ? took the nags of planchet and grimaud , and the two lackeys started on foot , carrying the	46.27915954589844
saddles on their heads . the count , seating himself , “ permit me to make a confession which must form my excuse for any <unk> i may commit . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i say this must come to an end ; murderer , as you were , of your uncle ! , and they say she is now coming into port . ” ease , although he had learned nothing really satisfactory , and , for the first time since the <unk> at auteuil , he slept soundly . you here so , and yet we can not stay . ” politeness , the philosophy he witnessed <unk> him , he muttered a few words of general civility and ran downstairs . active	51.206642150878906
and laborious life of a smuggler , with the severe discipline on board , would have a salutary effect on his character , which was now well-nigh , if not quite , corrupt . hours , as porthos did not come , not any news of him , they resumed their journey . baggage was fastened carefully behind the carriage ; and this operation ended , he took his place beside milady , and shut the door . ; the captivity of mazarin alone guarantees my life ; if you let him go i am a dead man . ” me ? ” he asked . ! for him , lost no opportunity of <unk> , of <unk> him . door and here ’ s the key .	65.04310607910156
” had broken her spirit ; it was not a want of courage which rendered her poverty <unk> . the fowl ; it appeared very thin for the price it had cost . me . youth , d ’ artagnan , ” interrupted the cardinal , tapping him familiarly on the shoulder , charmed at having vanquished this rebellious nature . appeared ill , which <unk> a little from his usual lofty bearing . side the conqueror of rocroy , of nordlingen , of lens ? ” debray , laughing ; “ do you really mean you would go to his house ? ” t let us try to do things <unk> . made his appearance at the door . porthos , with a sigh , “ it	55.77640151977539
is amusing . ” might have been useless if the doctor so loudly called for had not chanced to be in the hôtel . to discover the means and i have done so . ” , i need but knock against the wall , and he will cease to work , in order to find out who is knocking , and why he does so ; but as his occupation is sanctioned by the governor , he will soon resume it . use to anybody . ” ? ” the old man made him understand with his eyes that he could not answer . full length , and faintly illuminated by the pale light that came from the window , lay a sack of canvas , and under	46.878292083740234
its rude folds was stretched a long and stiffened form ; it was faria ’ s last winding-sheet , —a winding-sheet which , as the turnkey said , cost so little . grimaud , in the same silent dialect , “ we shall leave our skins there . ” ! ” said porthos , with his loud laugh . , it seems , ” said planchet . was aramis . easy if you much wished it ? ” shown to a queen by the minister from whom a king demands it . ” monsieur cardinal , ” said the king , “ and you were right , as you always are ; but the queen , not the less , deserves all my anger . ” , i	48.49105453491211
retire . ” not the fashion to wear so large a beard and hair so long ; now a barber would only be surprised if a man gifted with such advantages should consent voluntarily to deprive himself of them . article had appeared in another paper besides _ l ’ impartial_ , and , what was more serious , one that was well known as a government paper . again drew the small box from his pocket , opened it , and contrived to hold it in such a light , that a bright flash of brilliant hues passed before the dazzled gaze of caderousse . his portrait at a dash . ” said the king , “ cease your tears . ” 106 . free to say	94.05435180664062
or not to say who i am to two strangers who take a fancy to ask me . ” ; but his person was so admirably shaped and so well proportioned that more than once in his struggles with porthos he had overcome the giant whose physical strength was proverbial among the musketeers . d ’ artagnan , “ the queen desired every one to leave and i thought that this command was intended for us as well as for the rest . ” dismissed , ” continued caderousse . the plan was unfolded to him for leaving elba , the projected landing , <unk> . including carlini , were placed in a hat , and the <unk> of the band drew forth a ticket ; the ticket	79.37482452392578
bore the name of diavolaccio . . ” reopened his eyes , and hope revived in all hearts . i was ignorant of that , ” said the musketeer . to what i say in this my dying moment . ” said porthos . good sort of a prince , ’ added he , ‘ and although i like not puritans i do them justice ; and it is the same with <unk> , when they are pretty . is a <unk> in which he who wins , wins death ! <unk> table he had brought with him from hartwell , and to which , from one of those fancies not uncommon to great people , he was particularly attached , the king , louis xviii. , was	61.23517608642578
carelessly listening to a man of fifty or fifty-two years of age , with gray hair , aristocratic bearing , and exceedingly gentlemanly attire , and meanwhile making a marginal note in a volume of <unk> ’ s rather inaccurate , but much <unk> , edition of <unk> work which was much indebted to the sagacious observations of the philosophical monarch . a cry of despair , was wafted through space ; and as if the shrieks of anguish had driven away the clouds , the veil which hid the moon was <unk> away and the gray sails and dark <unk> of the felucca were plainly visible beneath the silvery light . <unk> you when you leave . ” my affair . the king had escaped human justice	91.81786346435547
and been overtaken by god ’ s . asked franz , “ where are these pistols , blunderbusses , and other deadly weapons with which you intend filling the carriage ? ” the gate the porter informed him that the count had gone out about half an hour previously . cried d ’ artagnan , <unk> his hold of her dress , and remaining mute , motionless , and frozen . of the side wings of the gallery , after making a sign to porthos to <unk> the other , he saw , all at once , at his left , a <unk> containing an orange tree , which had been pushed out of its place and in its place an open aperture . mademoiselle , ” said	47.52052307128906
barrois , “ i am dying with thirst , and since you are so kind as to offer it me , i can not say i should at all object to drinking your health in a glass of it . ” ” he cried , “ they must have obtained my arrest . ” he said , “ are of more worth than most of those which you will see on the backs of the queen ’ s courtiers ; they are costumes of battle . ” by your actions than your name ; he is quite aware that there are two gentlemen who greatly aided the escape of monsieur de beaufort , and he has <unk> an active search for them , i can answer for it	40.22239303588867
. ” your father , a man accustomed to judicial accusations , ought to have known that all these deaths have not happened naturally ; it is he who should have watched over <unk> should have occupied my <unk> should have emptied that <unk> should have risen against the assassin . , and you did not show any <unk> was your duty ; today you serve napoleon , and you ought to protect him—it is equally your duty ; i come , therefore , to ask what has become of him ? ” or eight similar excursions to the colosseum , while his less favored companion trod for the first time in his life the classic ground forming the monument of <unk> <unk> ; and , to his	82.86434173583984
credit be it spoken , his mind , even amid the <unk> <unk> of the guides , was duly and deeply touched with awe and enthusiastic admiration of all he saw ; and certainly no <unk> notion of these stupendous ruins can be formed save by such as have visited them , and more especially by moonlight , at which time the vast proportions of the building appear twice as large when viewed by the mysterious beams of a southern <unk> sky , whose rays are sufficiently clear and vivid to light the horizon with a glow equal to the soft twilight of a <unk> <unk> . at the spot whence the noise had proceeded , and then restraining their horses , they advanced cautiously . of biscuit	153.37355041503906
, a gun , powder , and balls , to kill the kids or defend myself at need , and a pickaxe , that i may build a shelter if you delay in coming back for me . ” said planchet , with dignity , “ i know them and i answer for them . ” it , did they not ? ” ” with us hereafter ! ” am not prejudiced beyond the power of conviction . ” continued aramis , “ that it <unk> irreproachable passion . the guests began to come . jars , upon which , perhaps , <unk> , frightful monsters have fixed their cold , dull eyes , and in which myriads of small fish have slept , seeking a refuge from	73.70030212402344
the pursuit of their enemies . ” responded peppino ; and , advancing alone towards the sentry , he said a few words to him in a low tone ; and then he , like the first , saluted the nocturnal visitors , making a sign that they might proceed . dantès , “ mark this ; if you refuse at least to tell mercédès i am here , i will some day hide myself behind the door , and when you enter i will dash out your brains with this stool . ” kitty , blushing . damages - except for the “ right of replacement or refund ” described in paragraph 1.f.3 , the project gutenberg literary archive foundation , the owner of the project gutenberg™	39.890316009521484
trademark , and any other party distributing a project gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement , disclaim all liability to you for damages , costs and expenses , including legal fees . the match , had not the noble marquis anticipated my wishes by requesting my consent to it . ’ ” queen of england , who has desired me to present you to her . ” wine ? ” ” cried franz : “ the only hope which sustained me and enabled me to read to the end was that of knowing , at least , the name of him who killed my father ! and hastily broke the seal . poor grandmother fancies that her husband , whom she never left , has called her ,	40.727012634277344
and that she must go and join him . across the landing , which was all that separated them from the apartments of the count , rang at the bell , and , upon the door being opened by a servant , said : that very spot , on the same rock , he had been violently dragged by the guards , who forced him to ascend the slope at the points of their bayonets . . had received the account of the adventure from the mouths of the heroes of it , related it in all its details to his eminence , not forgetting the episode of the napkin . with a <unk> ! ” saw another bottle approach him , which he was pressed to taste	56.833740234375
. in accord with your own principles , ” replied milady , <unk> . s box , i believe . ” to the mayor that at length the great league was about to declare itself against france , and that the kingdom would be at once invaded by the english , imperial , and spanish armies . , ” said the curate , “ till tomorrow . ” ” said milady , in her softest voice , and pressing his hand in her own , “ i am happy in the love which your looks and your words have expressed to me every time we have met . not you who have directly made this exposure and brought this sorrow on us , but you <unk> provoked it	54.414241790771484
. ” other clocks , slower than that of saint-philippe-du-roule , struck the hour of midnight from different directions , and excepting the rumbling of a few carriages all was silent . this place without ever going more than three leagues from it . ” said athos , “ i have been a soldier all my life and i know the force of orders ; but outside your orders there is a service you can render me . ” to keep you all to myself . ” do not take their revenge on you for the sicilian <unk> . ” london . ” son chapter 30 . confess , that is the thing i stand most in need of . ” his pocket ; the three friends surrounded	56.229408264160156
him , and the three lackeys grouped themselves again near the wine <unk> . you ? ” we had intended doing three days <unk> off . ” angry if i read you a lesson ? ” and fetch me the letter your comrade has in his pocket . ” diamond left by poor edmond dantès , to be sold , and the money divided between his father , mercédès , his betrothed bride , fernand , danglars , and myself . m. bonacieux , in a tone of perfect good fellowship , “ what has become of you all these days ? the court , exclaimed that “ the queen was very happy to have the succor of religion at such a <unk> ” this caused a universal	83.20996856689453
burst of laughter . the abbé , “ is m. morrel still alive ? ” . ” of d ’ artagnan , who urged his horse , though he stood in need of no <unk> , and they proceeded at a rapid pace . abode ? ” ” appear above an abandoned work within thirty paces of him ; they were the heads of the two soldiers . ” said mordaunt , “ i choose for my adversary the man who , not thinking himself worthy to be called comte de la fere , calls himself athos . ” <unk> , and beyond the flat but verdant island of la pianosa . madame , because i myself have made use of them , that i might not be	44.38685989379883
poisoned at naples , at palermo , and at <unk> is to say , on three several occasions when , but for these precautions , i must have lost my life . ” as a wedge ; <unk> and pebbles had been inserted around it , so as to conceal the orifice ; this species of <unk> had been covered with earth , and grass and weeds had grown there , <unk> had clung to the stones , <unk> had taken root , and the old rock seemed fixed to the earth . d ’ artagnan had ever refused a request from athos . a leaden coffin , and i am preceding him by a few days . ” <unk> , ” said porthos . but a younger	66.51986694335938
son of a simple gascon family , like me , madame ; he occupied that post for twenty years . ” king , and you know laporte has told us twenty times that he himself is in need of almost everything . ” ! ” cried the poor tutor . right , d ’ artagnan , a fatality that will separate and ruin us ! , and greatly attached to his only nephew , a young captain of the highest promise , took paper and pen , and made his will . and he likewise recollected that during the past half hour the poor woman had passed close to him , without doubt carried away by the same power that had caused her disappearance . too true ,	73.77941131591797
” said comminges , “ ’ tis almost a prison ; but what a singular fancy this is of yours , <unk> , who are the very flower of our <unk> <unk> your valor and loyalty amongst these upstarts , the frondists ! then , done to you , ” said felton , much agitated , “ that you should load me with such a responsibility before god and before men ? . him as a master would not buy him as a slave . to the door and knocked down two of the soldiers who guarded it , before they had time to cock their muskets . use of one of the means which he always had ready for his friends , that is to say ,	55.42011642456055
in the first place , the famous key which was given to certain persons with the request that they go and open a designated cupboard . were not as good as another . open his prison door , and restore him to liberty ? d ’ artagnan . barthois , ” added porthos . spain , i have been defeated in trieste , but my naval army in india will have taken some <unk> , and my <unk> pioneers will have discovered some mine . ” , were we beaten ? ” asked porthos . ” said mazarin , thoughtfully . the affirmative , and pointed to a dozen bodies which he had set up in the most picturesque attitudes . rare and beautiful days in winter when	65.43104553222656
england remembers that there is a sun . misery , felton ; i have caused you to be named lieutenant ; i once saved your life , you know on what occasion . , gentlemen , provided we set sail , ” he said . of my coachman , my carriage , and my servants . ” ; excuse me , but , as you will see , i only tell you what is absolutely necessary . . ” then , to relate the history of my past sorrows ? ” said she . monte cristo . ” murmured she ; “ i am lost ! the stage , he leaned from his box and began attentively scrutinizing the beauty of each pretty woman , aided by a	39.97334671020508
powerful opera-glass ; but , alas , this attempt to attract notice wholly failed ; not even curiosity had been excited , and it was but too apparent that the lovely creatures , into whose good graces he was desirous of stealing , were all so much engrossed with themselves , their lovers , or their own thoughts , that they had not so much as noticed him or the <unk> of his glass . as that you may see his small yacht with all her sails spread ; and if you will use your glass , you will , in all probability , recognize your host in the midst of his crew . ” ” said lord de winter , with contempt . ” said beauchamp ,	68.46904754638672
“ on horseback , at full gallop , followed by a servant . ” a woman whom the cardinal has caused to be shut up , and you wish to get her out of the hands of the cardinal . terror , that the uniform of the soldiers who guarded her was changed . physical substances with its <unk> mantle , as it <unk> all things of the mind with forgetfulness , seemed to have respected these signs , which apparently had been made with some degree of regularity , and probably with a definite purpose . by foot , beaten in all encounters , and defeated in the passage of the isle of <unk> , were obliged to <unk> , leaving on the field of battle two	48.49802780151367
thousand men , among whom were five colonels , three lieutenant colonels , two hundred and fifty captains , twenty gentlemen of rank , four pieces of cannon , and sixty <unk> , which were taken to paris by claude de st. simon , and suspended with great pomp in the arches of notre dame . father my fears that he had wanted many things in my absence , and to convince me he emptied his purse on the table . well enough to wait for me , and even to remain faithful to my memory . ? ” away from the enthusiastic thanks of caderousse , opened the door himself , got out and mounted his horse , once more saluted the innkeeper , who kept uttering	79.39500427246094
his loud farewells , and then returned by the road he had travelled in coming . sir , ” said raoul . only crime is to have at the same time the good fortune and the misfortune to be your husband . ” said aramis , with the tone of philosophical indifference which he had assumed since he had belonged to the church and in which there was more <unk> than confidence in god , “ what is the use of thinking of it all ? am expecting some one , a friend of athos . ” yours . ” ” replied monte cristo ; “ i do not carry <unk> so far . came to meet monte cristo less with the intention of receiving him than to	33.74604415893555
exclude his entry . as if to seize the king , but before they could touch him with the tips of their fingers , both had fallen , one dead , the other stunned . from his forehead , but drew back when the waiter was presented to him ; he took no refreshment . opening was a dark and deep angle . and employed himself in mentally contrasting the two girls , —one fair , with soft languishing eyes , a figure gracefully bending like a weeping willow ; the other a <unk> , with a fierce and haughty expression , and as straight as a <unk> . cavalcanti ’ s baptismal register , given by the curé of saravezza . ” and took their hands in	72.81853485107422
his . quiet street , looking to the right and the left to see if he could catch any vestige of his beautiful englishwoman , when from the ground floor of a pretty house , which , according to the fashion of the time , had no window toward the street , he saw a face peep out with which he thought he was acquainted . replied porthos . dangerous spot would have been useless imprudence . cloak and are beloved ; you , who have faith and hope , —oh , do not follow my example . louis , “ he was well informed . are never used . said he . more ? ” asked monte cristo . from these three different men , comminges ,	50.30970001220703
guitant and villequier , confirmed him in his conviction that in case of serious <unk> there would be no one on his side except the queen ; and then anne of austria had so often deserted her friends that her support seemed most precarious . wife , _pardieu ! _ ” the meeting which he had at the church , and how he had found that lady who , with the seigneur in the black cloak and with the scar near his temple , filled his mind constantly . ” , and were detected , i should lose my place , which is worth two thousand francs a year ; so that i should be a great fool to run such a risk for three hundred . ”	66.36292266845703
you are the pearl of <unk> . ” not behold this frightful spectacle ! ” said he . you ! ” cried he . louvres , ” was the reply . had not said a word of love to mercédès ; at the second he reminded her that he loved her . ” said valentine , “ depend on me to <unk> the <unk> and arouse the memory of grandpapa ? ” her lover would meet her a second night ; and poor kitty , pale and trembling , awaited d ’ artagnan ’ s reply . thought d ’ artagnan seized athos by the waist , and followed by porthos with aramis , leaped down from the benches , rushed into the passages , and flying down	39.07365417480469
the staircase were lost in the crowd without , while the muskets within were pointed on some three thousand spectators , whose piteous cries and noisy alarm stopped the impulse already given to bloodshed . , ” said she , “ why are you writing thus at such an hour ? said aramis ; and with the terrible coolness which on important occasions he showed , he took one of the muskets from tony , <unk> and aimed it at the young man , who stood , like the accusing angel , upon the rock . . ” doubt , grief , and despair . musketeers , their martial carriage , with the <unk> step of these noble companions of the soldier , would have betrayed the most	80.42102813720703
strict incognito . replied the visitor , changing his <unk> , “ know enough of english to keep up the conversation . nothing to fear . likely ? ” that of their colonel ? ” to door , bending under the weight of swords , guns , muskets and every kind of weapon , which he deposited as fast as he could . secretaire a sheet of white paper and pen and ink . here , sir , to exchange hypocritical expressions of politeness , or false professions of friendship , ” said albert , “ but to demand an explanation . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . , now at malta ? ” to arouse from his lethargy ; in fact , he did not	58.900638580322266
notice the offered hand . day i can neither eat flesh nor see it eaten . come in and to discover athos almost insensible . we go higher , so that we have a <unk> which in defiance of reason rests upon the <unk> and not on the base . may i present him ? ” ! unlucky , for my stomach is getting more and more upset . ” mother , ” said a young and lovely girl , with a profusion of light brown hair , and eyes that seemed to float in liquid crystal , “ ’ tis all my fault for seizing upon m. de villefort , so as to prevent his listening to what you said . gestures . the count , “	80.06086730957031
your life is safe ; the same good fortune has not happened to your <unk> is mad , the other dead . can tell within ten crowns . ” . ” de winter took to shut the door , close a shutter , and draw a chair near to his sister-in-law ’ s <unk> , milady , anxiously thoughtful , plunged her glance into the depths of possibility , and discovered all the plan , of which she could not even obtain a glance as long as she was ignorant into whose hands she had fallen . , why not its <unk> ? you shall see them . sign in the affirmative . his brow ; it seemed to him a dream . s silence , during which	39.875797271728516
one could have fancied the hall empty , so profound was the stillness . ” ! ” exclaimed mordaunt , “ thank you ; my life is always at your service , and should i lose it i should still owe you something ; thank you ; you have indeed repaid me <unk> for my services . ” monte cristo ; “ i told you i did not wish to be behind my time ; i dressed myself in the carriage , and descended at the viscount ’ s <unk> ” the young men looked at each other ; they did not know if it was a comedy monte cristo was playing , but every word he uttered had such an air of simplicity , that it was	43.43018341064453
impossible to suppose what he said was <unk> , why should he tell a falsehood ? s hand , and set off at a quick pace . beds and barricaded their door within , when someone knocked at the yard shutter ; they demanded who was there , and recognizing the voices of their lackeys , opened the shutter . ” was taken by bandits , and that without your generous <unk> i should now have been sleeping in the catacombs of st. sebastian , instead of receiving them in my humble abode in the rue du helder . ” bit behind yours in that sort of talk . ? ” and both leisurely took their way to the rue tiquetonne . she is not there ? ”	57.48772048950195
have escaped ; they have cut the cord and gone off with the boat . ” the fight , ” resumed the duke , “ i fancied you had about twenty men with you , so i came back with those around me , tired of always running away , and wishing to draw my sword in my own cause ; but you are only two . ” , i would betray my country , i would betray my king , i would betray my god . ? ” by ‘ the pure parliament ’ ? cried porthos , clapping his hands and nodding his head . left the hotel , completely disguised , took a cabriolet , and ordered the driver to take him to the <unk>	47.70537567138672
rouge , at <unk> . tent the former was awaiting him . it ? ” voice charles was about to cry out , when aramis placed his finger on his lips and bowed low to the king of england . d ’ artagnan was one of those four men ? ” a condition to <unk> with serious revolt . . ” said aramis , “ with whom mazarin sought an alliance , was invited by him to send him a list of the conditions on which he would do him the honor to negotiate with him . , debray called out loudly , “ my carriage . ” me how this fernand is related to you ? ” replied the lieutenant . monsieur commissary , look at his	47.59567642211914
uniform ! ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ will return , carrying our shame to the cardinal . ” glance around him . feeling was of joy at again breathing the pure <unk> air is freedom ; but he soon sighed , for he passed before la réserve , where he had that morning been so happy , and now through the open windows came the laughter and revelry of a ball . ” said château-renaud ; “ i narrowly escaped catching a fever there . ” songs are out of place in this castle . , sir ; with the enemies you have to do with there is no time to be lost . ” that within three days , in a less time	53.75618362426758
than justice would demand , the revenge i shall have taken for the murder of my child will be such as to make the boldest heart tremble ; ” and as he spoke these words he ground his teeth , and grasped the old man ’ s senseless hand . aramis , smiling . came as usual ; but milady allowed him to preside over all the preparations for breakfast without addressing a word to him . , where he will wait until i write to him to return to paris . ” the man , “ but at what a price ! ” you my sincere congratulations , ” replied madame de villefort . a foreigner , english , i think . it . ” you were	43.54718017578125
about to read , monsieur aramis , and which you so promptly concealed ? ” ? ” asked charles . , gentlemen , ” said the general ; “ you may not acknowledge louis xviii. , but i do , as he has made me a baron and a <unk> , and i shall never forget that for these two titles i am indebted to his happy return to france . ” in the way of honor , but very little in the way of wealth ; so that when the illustrious companion of the great henry died , the only inheritance he was able to leave his son was his sword and his motto . , ” said she , opening a small private door , “	38.045326232910156
and come back at eleven o ’ clock ; we will then terminate this conversation . do when you arrived at this conclusion ? ” i often played with the son in the <unk> . ” , but set to work ! ” couldn ’ t understand what it meant , for he had spent that night with a dying person and marie michon had left his house before his return . ” adventure with mme . , porthos , that it was not a good plan ; that we couldn ’ t go a hundred steps without being recaptured , because we were without clothes to disguise ourselves and arms to defend ourselves . ” have <unk> enough , gentlemen , be assured , ” said d	43.01495361328125
’ artagnan . aramis , parodying jussac , “ it would afford us great pleasure to obey your polite invitation if it depended upon ourselves ; but unfortunately the thing is <unk> de tréville has forbidden it . resumed buckingham , looking earnestly at the young man , “ how shall i ever <unk> myself of the debt i owe you ? ” you have been listening to . ” , sir , and this last battle , which he encounters with resources much inferior to those of the enemy , proves that he will not yield without a struggle ; but in case he is beaten ? ” you will be hung ! ” more eloquent than my life , and the silence of the corpse will	55.20882034301758
convince you much better than the words of the prisoner . ” there is any truth in what i am going to tell you , but it is , at least , a ray of light in a dark night ; by following it we may , perhaps , discover something more certain . ” ? ” chariot and pulled the silk cord which was attached to the coachman ’ s little finger . , if you please. ” said the abbé ; “ edmond talked to me a great deal about the old man for whom he had the deepest love . ” , they essayed not to escape from their <unk> <unk> ; and , indeed , it would have been so much the more difficult	36.014862060546875
to break their bondage , as the guides alone are permitted to visit these monuments with torches in their hands . , ” said the king ; “ put the army in battle array and face the enemy . ” said mazarin , trembling , lest anne should ask to draw upon his purse . the cardinal ; “ i will even ask the count to keep it for my sake . ” shall be proud to face the bullets , or even the rope , in company with you , athos ; for you have never seemed to me so grand as you are to-day . ” dantès flung to him , and with an activity that would have done credit to a sailor , climbed up	56.7365837097168
the side of the ship , while the young man , going to his task , left the conversation to danglars , who now came towards the owner . no <unk> understand me ? ” before five o ’ clock ; despatch a messenger to apprise the grooms at the first station . of fare them , and the superior , to whom he had confided this misfortune , wishing as much as in him lay to free him from them , had advised him , in order to conjure away the tempting demon , to have recourse to the bell rope , and ring with all his might . is fair in war ; the vanquished must not be dainty in the choice of means . take	72.86712646484375
? ” all , but was deaf . ? ” dear m. joannes . ’ blood-stained , on the desk , as a testimony of the crime . ” of m. de villefort ’ s , ” answered morrel , “ but i was of madame de <unk> ” albert came up to them at this moment with franz . before she should be forced to resume this conversation , so difficult to be sustained in the same exalted tone , she let her hands fall ; and as if the weakness of the woman overpowered the enthusiasm of the inspired fanatic , she said : “ but no , it is not for me to be the judith to deliver <unk> from this <unk> . lys rolled	47.38389205932617
its waters like a river of molten tin ; while on the other side was a black mass of trees , <unk> on a stormy sky , invaded by large <unk> clouds which created a sort of twilight amid the night . diable <unk> ; the greek princess was in <unk> . to a room on the ground floor of a pavilion , at the end of the orangery . , sir ; justice will be done , ” said villefort . retire . ” your sister , my dear cousin . porthos , “ i will do whatever you please ; and besides , i think what the comte de la fere said just now is very good . ” the count . edmond ? wretch !	32.90898132324219
” cried aramis , throwing his <unk> in his face . each of us his instructions . madame , i can assure you ; i know my father . ” is this count of monte cristo ? ” asked franz of his host . . into three words : <unk> , est , <unk> . ” , ” said andrea , “ in consideration of lord wilmore , by whom i was recommended to you—— ” wake of the ship , a speck near the enormous mass . most men who have passed twenty years of age . , indeed ! and the past , there is an abyss between you , edmond , and the rest of mankind ; and i tell you freely that the comparison	36.09683609008789
i draw between you and other men will ever be one of my greatest tortures . escape <unk> in order to secure success , the magic of a <unk> seduction was necessary . found <unk> . , but the article is not mine ; indeed , i doubt if it will please m. villefort , for it says that if four successive deaths had happened anywhere else than in the house of the king ’ s attorney , he would have interested himself somewhat more about it . ” wild days may chance to come again ; i am commissioned to find out my companions and i began by you , who were the very soul of our society . ” , at this gentleman . ” a	64.72437286376953
long time to tell him what i think of him . the remainder of his pistoles in his pocket . ! ” she again said , as though striving to impress herself with the meaning of the words which escaped her . debray , “ it is nearly six months since we have been associated . baroness , who was chatting with madame de villefort , who had come alone , valentine being still an invalid ; and without turning aside , so clear was the road left for him , he passed from the baroness to eugénie , whom he complimented in such rapid and measured terms , that the proud artist was quite struck . that noise ? ” cried he , turning to noirtier ,	53.04336929321289
“ do what you <unk> me understand in some way ! ” as it was dark his pallor was not perceptible . the count , smiling with his own peculiar smile , “ not so bad for a man who is to be shot at seven o ’ clock tomorrow morning . ” gaetano , ” said franz , “ this is , then , all reality ; there exists a man who has received me in this island , entertained me right <unk> , and has departed while i was asleep ? ” friend d ’ artagnan , ” said aramis , always on his guard ; “ this is from my publisher , who has just sent me the price of that poem in <unk> verse	45.739532470703125
which i began yonder . ” ” said rochefort , “ here is a chance which may pair off with the other ! . ” ! —three ! ’ murmured my , father ; — ‘ four ! ’ he then arose , seizing his arms and priming his pistols . twenty-nine without loving , for none of the feelings i before then experienced merit the appellation of love . go ? ” asked porthos . first exploit , sprang upon lubin ; and being strong and vigorous , he soon got him on the broad of his back , and placed his knee upon his breast . ; she felt herself strongly infected with the sadness which seemed to <unk> her own , and still guided by	78.78240203857422
the valet de chambre , who never lost sight of her for an instant , she was introduced to the magistrate ’ s study . it up ; he broke it . ” muttering , “ a good deal of ceremony to-night about crushing an <unk> ” athos shrunk into his corner , pale and motionless as a <unk> . for your majesty ; you are only the victim of perfidious plots . ” enemy of our holy faith ? ” said she , hesitatingly . he is actually insolent over the <unk> already offered me his patronage , as if he were a grand personage , and proffered me a loan of money , as though he were a banker . ” vizier to you , edmond	49.290802001953125
? preference you can point it out to me ; and if it be not within a thousand leagues of london , attention will be paid to your wishes . five as a supernumerary make fifteen . ” d ’ artagnan , ” said the cardinal ; “ all goes well in this direction . ” , so happy ? ” said albert , who still could not prevent an almost imperceptible cloud passing across his brow . the whole night thus . <unk> , except when it is done by athos . dantès , his heart wrung with anguish . took their way together toward the inn , olivain , according to the custom of serving-men well pleased with their place , relating to the <unk> all	71.24368286132812
that he could say in favor of the young gentleman ; whilst raoul wrote on thus : slowly , and the same face appeared , only it was now still more pale than before . ! _ that is very easily done . say one thing , while the heart thinks another , ” murmured edmond . albert , raising his voice . cried athos , going toward him , “ i ’ ll cut your ears off ! ” letter , and make him your model in order that you may do as he has done . ” sir , and , thank god , such as i could wish , ” cried d ’ artagnan ; “ but it was <unk> stolen from me . ”	36.872886657714844
to grimaud , athos signified to raoul that he could set out , and ended by reflecting that it was perhaps better that raoul should be away from paris at that moment . for he had already drunk a glass of excellent wine , placed for him expressly by the pope ’ s butler . what i do not know . precautions . ” ” me if i return thy wish ! ” murmured d ’ artagnan , smiling as he pronounced the <unk> ; “ i declare i feel quite ill after only being five minutes in the courtyard . ; but i see you have quite recovered from your fright , and are , no doubt , desirous of returning home . ” that order ,	54.050689697265625
my lord ! ” said felton , making a step toward the duke . said , a question of arithmetic to cocles , and during twenty years he had always seen all payments made with such exactitude , that it seemed as impossible to him that the house should stop payment , as it would to a miller that the river that had so long turned his mill should cease to flow . ” said mazarin , hoping by a display of affected pity to catch the young man in a snare , “ how extremely your history interests me ! still vexed and grieved ? ” the old man ’ s eyes beamed with an expression of gentle affection . they had got out to sea .	61.8325080871582
judges at the revelation of these unknown crimes . <unk> ; but i should say it was two lovers walking side by side , and hand in hand . no , count , ” cried maximilian , seizing the count ’ s hands , “ pray laugh ; be happy , and prove to me , by your indifference , that life is endurable to <unk> . job , and were you to search my pockets and my boxes i don ’ t believe you would find a hundred pistoles . ” brilliant feint which mordaunt <unk> . , it is merely a title . my side ! second husband ; and your first is still living . us all , and we avow it to you !	53.25617980957031
” with the queen ? ” to lord de winter all these frightful secrets which he has discovered , one after another , by a train of <unk> . and already the terrible château had disappeared in the darkness . time to make the last trial , and he put the phial to the purple lips of faria , and without having occasion to force open his jaws , which had remained extended , he poured the whole of the liquid down his throat . told me that you did not love me ; and truly , to speak such words to me would be , on the part of your majesty , too great an ingratitude . about ? ” said the king ; “ go on	41.61791229248047
, my good parry , unless you are tired . ” again ere my departure ? ” asked albert . order the servants . de broussel ’ s servant , and a lad that , i promise you , in a revolt will not give away his share to the dogs . ” if the misfortunes which have happened to <unk> entirely beyond your control , and which in no degree diminish my regard for you—i would wish to know if they have not , in some measure , contributed to render you a stranger to the world in which your fortune and your name <unk> you to make a conspicuous figure ? ” heaven with an expression it would be impossible to describe , and tears ,	60.131839752197266
which had hitherto been restrained , now yielded to her emotion , and ran down her cheeks . ’ artagnan in a swoon . , while the mendicant , who had received his reward , left as fast as his legs could carry him . ’ said my father to his palikares . athos . ideas became again <unk> could think , and strengthen his thoughts by reasoning . , who had hitherto saluted everyone with courtesy , but at the same time with coldness and formality , stepped a pace forward , and a slight <unk> of red colored his pale cheeks . a carriage , which appeared to have come from paris , had made a deep impression in the soft earth , which did not	61.66608810424805
extend beyond the pavilion , but turned again toward paris . for the following wednesday , at eight o ’ clock in the evening precisely . ” said the count , “ i do not think you have yet known the want of money . ” a thing , sir , ” said mordaunt , “ you insult me by doubting it . ” deduction from this compensation , sir ? ” inquired monte cristo . ? ” want , dear grandpapa ? ” said valentine , and she endeavored to recall to mind all the things which he would be likely to need ; and as the ideas presented themselves to her mind , she repeated them aloud , then , <unk> that all her efforts elicited	33.70956802368164
nothing but a constant _ “ no , ” <unk> said , “ come , since this plan does not answer , i will have recourse to another . ” april , 1498 , be ... ing invited to dine by his holiness alexander vi. , and fearing that not ... content with making me pay for my hat , he may desire to become my heir , and re ... serves for me the fate of cardinals caprara and bentivoglio , who were poisoned , ... i declare to my nephew , <unk> spada , my sole heir , that i have bu ... ried in a place he knows and has visited with me , that is , in ... the caves of the small island	133.06784057617188
of monte cristo , all i <unk> ... essed of ingots , gold , money , jewels , diamonds , gems ; that i alone ... know of the existence of this treasure , which may amount to nearly two mil ... lions of roman crowns , and which he will find on raising the twentieth ro ... <unk> from the small creek to the east in a right line . me and i was about to suffer dishonor . the physician , “ i repeat it ; she is still alive , and i am astonished at it . ” said ? each other ? ” he asked . and the marechal entered , followed by the coadjutor . who is devoted to your eminence , as	54.09832763671875
you know . ” . the song the men seated round the fire arose and approached the landing-place , their eyes fixed on the boat , evidently seeking to know who the new-comers were and what were their intentions . . but at the same time rely on our royal gratitude . ” you speak thus , and i <unk> well for edmond from it . ” in some degree ; when i wish to listen to sounds more exquisitely attuned to melody than mortal ear ever yet listened to , i go to sleep . ” a puzzle to your mother ? , his heart palpitated with joy when he saw that tall form and martial demeanor , which recalled to him a good and brave man	98.14844512939453
. sustained by rage , by his strength of mind , by despair , by the supreme agony which led the titans to scale the heavens , and ajax to defy the gods . leave his post , but allowed parry to pass . a more submissive slave than myself ? at the head of all the available cavalry and infantry and took the road to vendin , leaving the duc de chatillon to await and bring on the rest . you others , ” he continued , rising in his stirrups , raising his sword , and addressing those musketeers who had not been able to follow his rapid <unk> . my friend ; but all things are possible . not before examining the supposed juxon with	75.75013732910156
an attention which did not escape the king . steps behind me , when suddenly i saw something rise up in front of me like a huge shadow . to her ? ” said morcerf in an undertone . these peasant costumes , like those of the young women , were brilliant with gold and jewels . . ” be three weeks then , ” said morcerf ; “ but remember , at the expiration of that time no delay or subterfuge will justify you <unk> ” ; the thing suited him wonderfully well . you adopt for this singular complaint ? ” d ’ artagnan . that word , ” returned the young man ; “ it is at once cruel and unjust . my dear count	39.8045654296875
. wine for you that was in this glass ? ” entered the château d ’ if ; he was <unk> when he escaped . durham and may return at any moment . spurs jingled , his cuirass glittered , his sword knocked proudly against his ample limbs . taking the queen ’ s hand led her to the window . of a young man in paris ? porthos , “ the man aramis wants me to strangle . ” toward the compartment in which grimaud was secreted ; opened the door , entered and shut it after them . ? ” comprehend now ? ” inquired faria . diamond , which was as large as a hazel-nut , la carconte ’ s eyes sparkled with cupidity .	43.94829559326172
” . ” third of the way across the river when the cord of the ferryboat broke . mazarin , ” he said to himself . women were the most decorated , and the <unk> the most conspicuous . , ” said athos , “ you forget that ; it appears to me , however , that the seal denotes that it deserves to be opened . for example . ” sail rent to <unk> was waving ; suddenly the ropes that still held it gave way , and it disappeared in the darkness of the night like a vast <unk> . ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . . ” idea of how i looked when i arrived in paris . , while fernand grasped the handle	48.17613983154297
of his knife with a convulsive clutch . albert with affectionate courtesy , “ the count of château-renaud knew how much pleasure this introduction would give me ; you are his friend , be ours also . ” ” . which weighed several tons , have been lifted to this spot , without the aid of many men ? hills enough between rome and florence by the way of aquapendente ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , who began to get a glimpse of the result of the adventure , “ the thing is serious . how to <unk> , should he fail us . ” athos , “ magnificent . caderousse , “ you would not like me to risk taking cold ? ” heart . place	65.77490234375
, well supplied with <unk> and fine trees ; a comfortable habitation , although abandoned for a long time , without reckoning the furniture , which , although old , is yet valuable , now that old things are so much sought after . whom ? ” recognized d ’ artagnan . ” ” said raoul , smiling , although his pallor betrayed the excitement consequent on a first affair , “ you are in a great hurry to pay your debts and have not been long under any obligation to me . , that on leaving us he lost his way , that ’ s all . years ago , had piously sought out a tomb , and sought it vainly . pocket a small paper ,	62.163848876953125
on which two lines were written , accompanied by a signature and a seal , and presented them to him who had made too prematurely these signs of repugnance . motion as slowly as a funeral <unk> . the setting , which is also valuable , ” replied the abbé , as he closed the box , and returned it to his pocket , while its brilliant hues seemed still to dance before the eyes of the fascinated innkeeper . in , ” said mazarin , arranging his <unk> , so that he might receive the visitor sitting up in bed . raised his eyes to heaven , and prayed fervently . you say , a kind feeling towards me . desired grimaud to bring another bottle of	56.20212173461914
wine . to play the part of a dead man , and then the party , lighted by the man with the torch , who went first , ascended the stairs . she , and her eyes were wet with tears while looking at him to whom she spoke , “ how noble it is of you , how great the action you have just performed , how sublime to have taken pity on a poor woman who appealed to you with every chance against her , alas , i am grown old with grief more than with years , and can not now remind my edmond by a smile , or by a look , of that mercédès whom he once spent so many hours in contemplating	75.68273162841797
. the queen , turning to seguier , our old acquaintance , “ you will open the conferences . it . ” , ” asked the magistrate , without replying to the count , “ answers to the name of andrea cavalcanti ? ” the captain , ‘ i think we are sinking , give me the helm , and go down into the <unk> ’ i gave him the helm , and descended ; there was already three feet of water . is time to draw back , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and your eminence is perfectly free . ” seemed to awaken a new throng of ideas , which sprang up with the flying spray of the sea . has not suspected me	30.933218002319336
a single instant ? ” his mind the <unk> whilst he admired the delicate tenderness with which it was bestowed . the month of april , 1625 , the market town of meung , in which the author of <unk> of the <unk> was born , appeared to be in as perfect a state of revolution as if the huguenots had just made a second la rochelle of it . strong mind , maximilian . and learned ; bazin has read history , gentlemen , he knows that <unk> the fifth became pope after having kept <unk> . me , felton ? not by the expectation of a man to be hanged , but by the contemplation of a man who was hanged . in the first place	66.85295867919922
, ” replied dantès , “ upon the enormous degree of intelligence and ability you must have employed to reach the high perfection to which you have attained . you my name , since i do not know it ; but i know my father ’ s , and can tell it to you . ” , and hesitated . hotel with as much caution as eugénie used in leaving it ; she ran lightly upstairs , and with an aching heart entered her apartment , contiguous , as we know , to that of eugénie . buckingham , “ and rather twice than once . ” the young man might be absorbed in these reflections , they were at once dispersed at the sight of the dark	48.117103576660156
frowning ruins of the stupendous colosseum , through the various openings of which the pale moonlight played and flickered like the unearthly gleam from the eyes of the wandering dead . this carriage , and that without offering the least resistance , without making the least noise ? ’ ” , and the room was plunged in frightful obscurity , while the clock at that minute struck half-past four . ? ” he asked . wish me to go away without fulfilling your original intentions ? ” the old man winked violently . been so long preparing , which i have reared with so much care and toil , is to be crushed by a single touch , a word , a breath ! ” said aramis ,	69.50689697265625
“ i am like the comte de la <unk> can see nothing remarkable about it . ” my opinion , count double , and i have suffered for twenty years . ” valuable jewels in the hands of a poor sailor like himself might excite suspicion ; but the cunning purchaser asked no troublesome questions concerning a bargain by which he gained a round profit of at least eighty per cent . must admit was rather free , wounded this officer . is she ! ” ” said the queen , “ what the count <unk> ” and she opened the letter and read : whisper , “ you understand that , on account of your uncle , m. policar morrel , who served under the <unk> government	67.8153305053711
, and who does not altogether conceal what he thinks on the subject , you are strongly suspected of regretting the abdication of napoleon . , it is his nature to do so , for the love of robbing . ” us in italy , ” said valentine timidly . ” said the boy , “ do you think i can gain any more <unk> in any way ? ” the four friends , whose eyes were fixed on charles , while harrison emptied his glass without the slightest misgiving . wanted misfortune to change my love for you to admiration . made a sign to apprise ali , who , understanding that danger was approaching from the other side , drew nearer to his master . he	49.782432556152344
was so very desirous to complete the poor devil ’ s punishment . aramis , “ the principal question is not to know which of our four lackeys is the most discreet , the most strong , the most clever , or the most brave ; the principal thing is to know which loves money the best . ” armchair which happened to be near the door , and waited without speaking a word , without making a gesture . three thousand pistoles apiece if i can have them by the day after tomorrow . ” , madame , to do that i must forget the hour ’ s conversation i have had with you , which is indeed impossible . ” grass was thin attracted my attention	55.434364318847656
; it evidently was there i had turned up the ground . albert , “ this pious <unk> in behalf of the prisoners was your first remembrance ; what is the next ? ” you ? ” replied he ; “ i am , like yourself , utterly bewildered at all that is going on , and can not in the least make out what it is <unk> ” caderousse then looked around for fernand , but he had disappeared . said , “ we must leave this craft at once or we are dead men . ” the young <unk> , and , enchanted with this excess of zeal , came down to the first floor , for he was , in truth , working in his	49.09461975097656
room on the second . the notary ; “ it is very evident that m. noirtier is desirous of making his will . ” , it is true ; and since you know it , there is no occasion to tell you that gascons are not very patient , so that when they have begged to be excused once , were it even for a folly , they are convinced that they have done already at least as much again as they ought to have done . ” head and stifled his voice . the young officer , “ speak , then , speak ! ” ” said mazarin , “ since everything must be done as you wish . ” the cardinal , and behind d ’	31.347122192382812
artagnan the door was guarded . ’ artagnan and porthos the two soldiers had been found bound and gagged . it is , ” said the count . they went thither to fight themselves . ” and pride . , indeed . ? ” his hiding-place with a beating heart , and looked through the small opening in the gate ; there was yet no one to be seen . said d ’ artagnan to himself , “ the moment for confidences has not yet come . ” ” said athos , “ i think i was wrong not to let you fire . ” the line of <unk> and found themselves in the open plain , d ’ artagnan , who was completely ignorant of what was	26.600862503051758
going forward , thought it was time to demand an explanation . city by the porta del popolo , skirt the outer wall , and re-enter by the porta san giovanni ; thus they would behold the colosseum without finding their impressions dulled by first looking on the capitol , the <unk> , the arch of <unk> <unk> , the temple of <unk> and <unk> , and the via <unk> . whom the glorious musketeer had picked up on the bridge <unk> , making rings and <unk> in the water . encountered for the first time villefort ’ s look , —that look peculiar to the magistrate , who , while seeming to read the thoughts of others , betrays nothing of his own . who appeared to	71.38105773925781
him the equal of a demon , with agents as supernatural as herself ; at the least noise , he imagined himself about to be arrested , and that planchet was being brought back to be confronted with himself and his friends . , milady was admirably acquainted with this part of france . this dreadful secret with you , but i will not allow shame and remorse to grow and increase in my conscience , as crime and misery will in your house . ” wrongly interpreted ; i did not mean to say— ” to fromelles the storm burst . athos , kissing her hand , “ had i only sooner known that marie michon was so charming a creature ! ” and he withdrew ,	79.10466766357422
sighing . were a man she would attempt all this , and perhaps might succeed ; why , then , did heaven make the mistake of placing that <unk> soul in that frail and delicate body ? , two drafts which m. morrel had fully anticipated , and which cocles paid as punctually as the bills which the shipowner had accepted . thirty-six cannon . ” the close of the meeting . , but not one of the guests had a costume similar to her own , or those of her companions . ? ” and she again tried to think what it could be . , no one knows what may happen . château-renaud , “ since you have an establishment , a steward , and a	73.50032806396484
hotel in the champs-élysées , you only want a <unk> ” albert smiled . to remind you , sir , ” he said , “ that eleven o ’ clock has just struck , and that the trial commences at twelve . ” looked about at that moment for the rope of the famous bell ; but not finding it he summoned his resolution , and stretched forth his hands toward the place where the queen had acknowledged the paper was to be found . , then ? ” his hands , placed his elbows on the table and looked at d ’ artagnan with an expression of confidence which imparted to that <unk> an admirable appearance of <unk> . , porthos , ” said the gascon ;	34.47576904296875
“ let me do what i please and do you what i do . ” the people , of whom you can dispose , and i will bring you the citizens and the parliament ; with these four elements paris is ours in a week ; and believe me , monsieur coadjutor , the court will give from fear what it will not give from good-will . ” bring with you the whole army . elegant hunting costume ; and monsieur and the other nobles were dressed like him . caderousse . a rich one too , eh ? ” as far as fromelles ; and from fromelles she had set out for armentières . up this silly jest ? else , ” said he . exclaimed ,	79.52678680419922
“ how can i restore the happiness i have taken away from these poor innocent creatures ? joined the crusades , and supposing it to be only that of st. louis , that makes you mount to the thirteenth century , which is tolerably ancient . ” hat on hearing this revered name . nothing to me so long as you pay for your lessons out of your own cash box . was heard . head , bowed down by grief , looked up at her with so sad a smile that her complaints died upon her lips . said beauchamp , presenting the papers to albert . that you don ’ t answer when i ring ? ” party ? ” guilty whose honor is at the	62.44841003417969
sport of others , sir ? ” said château-renaud , slowly ; “ i think he is violently agitated . ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ i am precisely of the contrary opinion . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ to reserve a portion for my friend ; like myself ” ( he laid an emphasis on these words ) “ an ancient musketeer of the company of tréville ; he has done wonders . ” and returned in an instant with a corporal and four soldiers . assassin of felton , assassin of my brother , i demand justice upon you , and i swear that if it be not granted to me , i will execute it myself . ” let us	43.87606430053711
say no more about it , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ and let us burn this letter , which , no doubt , announces to you some fresh infidelity of your _grisette_ or your chambermaid . ” this paper , which i have never shown to anyone . ” to go away ? ” it is a resolution which my father has taken and i know he never alters his mind . lord de winter and the four friends repaired to the convent ; the bells <unk> , the chapel was open , the grating of the choir was closed . courage to come down again . ” cried d ’ artagnan . either rope ladders or <unk> now . ” , that they wished to	36.0205192565918
murder that good councillor , broussel , the father of the people ? ” must serve me as guides . which meant that while perhaps he approved the moral he altogether <unk> the tone in which it was uttered . my coat-of-arms , it is worth more than morcerf ’ s . ” me again , in spite of my eight-and-forty years of age ? ” rue des fossoyeurs ; i will accompany you . ” it . ” out of the family in order to enrich some hospital ; but it is ridiculous thus to yield to the caprices of an old man , and i shall , therefore , act according to my conscience . ” the governor . ” shall fight till one of us	53.35850524902344
is dead , ” said the general , whose teeth were clenched with rage . snare , ” said athos ; “ don ’ t go , d ’ artagnan . ” s very well , young man , ” continued m. de tréville , “ that ’ s all very well . care of them myself , ” answered d ’ artagnan ; “ besides , all they require is a good room , with sentinels , or their simple parole that they will not attempt escape . of a mantelpiece in a small room on the fifth floor . ” ” said planchet . ? ” mother ’ s <unk> poor mother ! ” cried the major , taking a third biscuit . me to mourn	22.97249984741211
for you eternally in the secret recesses of my heart ? <unk> to make a woman of thirty-nine look like a woman of fifty . your affairs excepting for your good ; treat me in the same way . ” asked château-renaud . , ” said mazarin , giving a last look at it ; “ nevertheless , i give it to you with great pleasure . ” exhaust her vengeance on me alone ! ” poet , i beg of you . ” it ? ” said beauchamp to château-renaud . philosophy the other . ” mantle , one fold of which , thrown over his left shoulder , served likewise to mask the lower part of his countenance , while the upper part was completely hidden	49.076141357421875
by his <unk> hat . with you ? offer to me , my friend ? majesty , notwithstanding her excellent heart , has more than once been obliged to abandon to the anger of his eminence persons who had served her . ” _ ” , when he saw me stop before his shop , where he has a display of things which would make your mouth water , my lord , asked me to get him the custom of the prisoners in the donjon . the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg™ license when you share it without charge with others . will have the truth , and me , too ! ” said athos	39.50674819946289
. albert ? without any formality ? ” you not , that obtaining a carriage is out of the question ? ” lord , are rare in france . ” tréville himself returned . that is certainly droll ; but i am not the less a giddy fool . till he arrived at the end of the rue de noailles , from whence a full view of the allées de meilhan was obtained . he has stolen it . ” are perfected , i will communicate my plans to you . ” ” murmured the woman , from her seat on the stairs , “ mind what you are saying ! ” , aramis ? ” minutes more there ’ s an end of us . ” ”	32.26449966430664
said the president , “ you have been invited to join this <unk> were not forced here ; it was proposed to you to come <unk> accepted . hat and draw lots . ” cried d ’ artagnan . a man walking on the seashore parallel to the jetty , and hastening his steps , as if to reach the other side of the port , scarcely twenty steps from the place of embarking . , monsieur , ” said the young man , turning pale , and , in spite of himself , trembling beneath the scrutinizing look of his companion , “ such consequences would be extremely unpleasant . ” to beg at night , ” said the groom , endeavoring to rid his master of	29.712099075317383
the troublesome intruder . arose and said very gravely : corsican that you <unk> mysteries or superstitions . duc de beaufort to come and the duke was about to arrive , and he would find paris tranquil . <unk> at cairo , one at smyrna , and one at constantinople , preside at a wedding ? <unk> ! ” t concern me ; it relates to mademoiselle marie michon . ” me a visit . . ” . ” knotted at the four corners and tell the crew to disembark and carry the powder back to the arsenal , unless , <unk> ” in the same position , for she thought they might perhaps be examining her through the keyhole ; she then slowly raised her head ,	73.70684051513672
which had resumed its formidable expression of menace and defiance , ran to the door to listen , looked out of her window , and returning to bury herself again in her large armchair , she reflected . their sex , when it comes to such things as these . ” ” said he . the concierge the notary ’ s order . one within his reach ; his two companions did the same thing . and quoted as a model of it . monsieur du vallon , whom i like much ; let him accompany you . ” the king , who began to be shaken , “ was it so managed ? ” along , and let ’ s see if they keep watch at the	49.83500289916992
quinze-vingts as at the barriere des sergens . ” ! ” who saved your father ’ s life when he wished to destroy himself , as you do <unk> i am the man who sent the purse to your young sister , and the _pharaon_ to old <unk> i am the edmond dantès who nursed you , a child , on my knees . ” with a blow of my fist . ” buckingham in my behalf , and you will tell him i am acquainted with all the preparations he has made ; but that they give me no uneasiness , since at the first step he takes i will ruin the queen . ” read it over three times , and the words sank deeply into	45.33320236206055
my memory . ” mordaunt , and the sea , but we shall find a certain difficulty in <unk> mazarin . ” generalissimo . exclaimed a general burst of voices . these matters ( forgive me if i begin by speaking of myself , but i must claim that importance which has been given to me , not assumed by me ) he who has arranged matters for the return of the cardinal , ought , it appears to me , in order that his reward may not be unworthy of your majesty , to be made commandant of the <unk> appointment something like that of captain of the musketeers . ” <unk> your father . ” said anne to him . draw his sword ; porthos put	56.9322509765625
his back into the sheath . not be ! ” words , the count rose to depart . darkness having brought any accident . monsieur cavalcanti . ” my enemy i have sympathy for him , and if he is reasonable perhaps we shall arrange matters . ” tell you there would be an answer , stupid ! ” said athos . with your excellencies ’ wishes ; only , i tell you beforehand , the carriage will cost you six piastres a day . ” the adjoining chamber , which is your apartment , and ali will bring us coffee and pipes . ” i am a poor innkeeper . ’ s color rose and mazarin grew even paler . ” an honest man , and ,	44.93498992919922
as far as lay in my power , i have done good . ” make the <unk> search for the murderer . just what amuses me , ” said monte cristo . , sire , ” said the earl . , i bring you the means of becoming rich , powerful , and free to do whatever you wish . ” hailed by a voice from the sloop and a few seconds later men , servants and baggage were aboard . inquired dantès . athos , coming out of his apartment in a dressing gown , “ grimaud , i thought i heard you permitting yourself to speak ? ” by no means penetrate the sombre depths of cromwell ’ s . the young officer . surprise and	51.46108627319336
said : tréville judged that he had not to deal with a fool , and changing the conversation , came straight to the point . am growing old ? say , i once reigned in paris ! , i presume , from the extreme end of the globe ? the inspector , from discretion , and that he might not disturb the abbé faria ’ s pupil in his researches , had seated himself in a corner , and was reading _le <unk> blanc_ . distinguished , this creature so beautiful , this essence so fine , was seen to turn insensibly toward material life , as old men turn toward physical and moral <unk> . . ” fetch you , monsieur d ’ artagnan . ” say	78.08899688720703
to you about the matter , ” said aramis , “ is not for the sake of seeking a quarrel . , ” said athos . at the back of the carriage waited on him ; baptistin , who rode in front , attended the count . , i will execute it , provided it is not to kill the man , for mercédès has declared she will kill herself if dantès is killed . ” and the coadjutor performed miracles of valor . husband . faded lip now , but it is a memory dear to my heart , and one that i would not lose for all that the world contains . be sure , the little <unk> xiv . ” to him . with joy	47.380367279052734
. than he had expected in obtaining an audience of anne of austria . bazin , and bid him pray for a poor sinner . ” andrea , who had now put on his boots and cravat , stole gently to the window , and a second time lifted up the muslin curtain . respecting me , my occupations , my manner of <unk> will signify but little , that concerns god , you , and myself . ” the direction pointed to by athos , and perceived aramis . noise , like the unloading of a cart , and followed by a cry of pain , was heard beneath the window . the count , with an imperceptible smile of contempt , for he had no wish	46.88541030883789
to be seen in the young man ’ s society , — “ no ; i prefer listening to you here , my dear m. andrea ; we can chat better <unk> , and there is no coachman to overhear our conversation . ” duke ? ” i also long for forgetfulness ? taking his handkerchief steeped it in the blood of the martyred king . as if by magic , and the doors of the church opened . ; it appeared as if he had not expected so much from m. andrea cavalcanti . master ’ s card , the baron danglars . mousqueton , smacking his lips . , however , when he saw that this place was already taken by a <unk> named mousqueton ,	46.133018493652344
and when porthos signified to him that the state of his household , though great , would not support two servants , and that he must enter into the service of d ’ artagnan . ’ art ... . <unk> february . ” alone , reflected for an instant and then rang the bell a third time . done with your ecclesiastics ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . of occupation . as white as his shirt , and mechanically cast away his cigar , although he had not half <unk> it . aghast under the weight of such an idea . ” asked felton . cried grimaud , whose face was covered with sweat at the bare idea of the evil results such a revelation might cause	44.113582611083984
; “ unhappy man , you named no one , i hope ? ” of the man who met his death from the hand of edmond dantès . continued the englishman who first gained his composure , “ he was drowned ? ” ” the night before , the bishop got into his carriage , and the former , more disguised by his pallor and sad countenance than his <unk> ’ s dress , got in by his side . his hand to his brow as if his brain were giddy , paced twice or thrice round the dungeon , and then paused abruptly by the bed . not seem much , but in twelve hours that makes two feet , and three we had before , that	60.00769805908203
makes five . laws are inexorable on the abuse of marriage . porthos . ) to be pitied . ” said the gascon . twenty-six or twenty-seven years of age ; that is to say , she was in the full splendor of her beauty . d ’ artagnan , “ one is never killed in a first engagement . ” ; like athos , he had discovered the stains of blood ; like athos , he had noted the spot where the horses had halted . that is settled ; but you will come and call on my mother before tomorrow ? ” ? ” . ” but i believe that raoul will be as accomplished a gentleman as our degenerate age could display . ” for	49.21088409423828
execution . ? on a very interesting topic , beauchamp . ” ” said athos , who never used <unk> and <unk> but upon very particular occasions , “ what has happened ? ” grimaud . continued athos , “ the cardinal—the true cardinal , the other <unk> one fine morning to arrest poor marie michon and send her to the chateau de <unk> . ’ clock in the evening , edmond heard a hollow sound in the wall against which he was lying . , on which were inscribed their names , were placed on either side of a little enclosure , <unk> in , and shaded by four <unk> . , ” said tréville . ” said porthos , with an air of <unk> , “	44.0418701171875
i am rather incredulous . ” smiled ; “ you wish to terrify me , i suppose . understand that i intend entertaining company on saturday at <unk> ” bertuccio slightly started . he , “ that is life to me ; more , more ! ” his lackey to approach . ? my musketeers they changed their minds , and forgot their private hatred for partisan hatred ; for your majesty can not be ignorant that the musketeers , who belong to the king and nobody but the king , are the natural enemies of the guardsmen , who belong to the cardinal . ” proof ? ” it and go . be , ” said morrel . can hardly tell , but i was <unk> to	55.67070007324219
those who wrote the letter ; you received one , did you not ? ” was struck by the appearance of this new personage . are not poisoned . of my captivity . words with this man which the traveller did not understand , but which evidently concerned him . he exclaimed , “ the chief , the chief ! ” the sentimental turn our conversation had taken . you , ” replied the baroness ; “ you forget that what you have just paid me is much more than a poor woman requires , who intends for some time , at least , to retire from the world . ” a number of idlers round the door of signor pastrini ’ s ; the descendants of marius	37.40934753417969
and the gracchi were also not wanting . was ill , and i wished to bring her help , ” responded the maid , frightened at the terrible expression which had come over her mistress ’ s face . to save the honor of a great queen ; the second , to avert the death of a great king . ” dear la ramee , ” said the duke , “ that you are a charming fellow and that i would stay forever at vincennes to have the pleasure of your society . ” doctor answer ? ” asked monte cristo . madeleine no news ? ” asked aramis , smiling . ? ” said d ’ artagnan , looking at aramis as he had looked at athos	28.50389289855957
. to heaven , ” said the girl . , entered the room alone . madame de chevreuse , “ you must excuse me , but i long to know to whom i am talking . what i tell you . my orders ; excuse me . d ’ artagnan , “ shall we not pursue that woman ? ” speaks of , you gave them to the duke of buckingham , did you not ? well as the body . cardinal , gentlemen , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ for myself , i will <unk> . ” scene at armentieres , i thought i should find four <unk> for one , as i was to meet four executioners . ” in body and mind ,	29.660842895507812
had at length fixed his eyes and his thoughts upon religion , and he had considered as a warning from heaven the double accident which had happened to him ; that is to say , the sudden disappearance of his mistress and the wound in his shoulder . , i had very considerable difficulty in obtaining them , and , as it is , they have cost an enormous price . ” literary archive foundation , ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ we must break in this door . ” and by mere <unk> god pardon me if i <unk> he heard the confession of the executioner of bethune . ” ” answered athos , agitated ; “ so much so that i wish to see him	35.08366775512695
if possible . ” raised all this revolt . ” clock , please your majesty ? ” least , return ? ” asked morrel . blue ribbon in your pocket ? ” secret to remain with us ? all my wife ’ s fault . tonight . ” merely wish to overtake one of my friends , with whom i am going to hunt tomorrow at <unk> . learn from my lips how you may alleviate this misfortune , so far as it will affect you . ” ? ” a moment to lose ; now take my horse to the nearest inn and conduct me to your vessel . ” was worth 50,000 without the setting . ’ , he would speak as she passed ; if	48.20705795288086
she was accompanied , and he could not speak , still he should see her , and know that she was safe ; if they were strangers , he would listen to their conversation , and might understand something of this hitherto incomprehensible mystery . valentine , motioning to morrel to sit down near her grandfather , while she took her seat on his <unk> , — “ now let us talk about our own affairs . confess , but it was not criminal . ” on the highest point of the island , —a statue on this vast <unk> of granite , nothing human appearing in sight , while the blue ocean beat against the base of the island , and covered it with a fringe of	61.987491607666016
foam . sir , ” said madame danglars ; “ but you suppose scenes in a manner which gives them the appearance of reality . ” <unk> courage . ” , parodying the banker , as the <unk> came to an end . we should need clothes and arms . ” is no longer hatred , but vengeance . ” door . cried caderousse , drawing from his waistcoat an open knife , and striking the count in the breast , “ you shall disclose nothing , reverend sir ! ” in love with madame de chevreuse , you would hardly lay your heart at the feet of her mortal enemy ! ” the large diamond which shone on the major ’ s little finger ; for the	43.158687591552734
major , like a prudent man , in case of any accident happening to his bank-notes , had immediately converted them into an available <unk> . to stay at the hotel until the next day ; the horses had done ten leagues that day and needed rest . that ? ” said mordaunt . a sign with his hand , to which bonacieux replied by bowing to the ground . is you indeed ! bodies . ” said debray , like the rest , paying an involuntary tribute to the sad event , — “ poor girl , so young , so rich , so beautiful ! any ? ” said d ’ artagnan to the youth . sure of that ! ” you are lost . ”	45.2326774597168
, therefore , is easily accounted for . mercédès ; “ enough , edmond ! that young man nearer . ” be no delay , i shall borrow one of your horses . ” little . ” thing before following your advice ; that is , a minister who will hold office for six months . now , but all that i have shall most assuredly be his . to me , will you not , morrel , to make me forget my sorrow in leaving her thus ? planchet . s quite another thing ; but promise me , if you should not be killed tonight , that you will go tomorrow . ” from the day and hour and moment when he was so , he	51.69023513793945
could have but one only thought , which was , to gain monte cristo by some means , and remain there alone under some pretext which would arouse no suspicions ; and once there , to endeavor to find the wonderful caverns , and search in the appointed spot , —the appointed spot , be it remembered , being the farthest angle in the second opening . away . ” it . he said , very well knew that the horror of bloodshed in this encounter , in which frenchman would combat against frenchman , was a <unk> movement of sixty years impressed upon his policy ; and the cardinal was at that period what we now call a man of progress . you understand me , ”	100.40522766113281
replied caderousse , calmly ; “ i said without your laying out a sou . ” propose to you as an <unk> into parisian <unk> life of politeness , visiting , and <unk> . ” cried porthos , making strong efforts to <unk> himself of d ’ artagnan , who was <unk> about his back ; “ you must be mad to run against people in this manner . ” ? —of what ? ” said d ’ artagnan , laughing , “ it appears to me that from time to time you must make <unk> ” and he again pointed to the bottles and the stewpans . himself upon her as de wardes , for whom she had conceived one of those <unk> fancies common to women	47.603450775146484
of her character . knowledge of crime and criminals , every word the young man uttered convinced him more and more of his innocence . , she decided on leaving paris with a nun of her acquaintance ; they are gone to seek a very strict convent in italy or spain . ” ” replied aramis , “ i should much prefer blaisois ; we haven ’ t known him so long . ” he , “ i will ask you the same question which charles ix . servant opened one of the four doors of the apartment , saying : were distinctly heard in the corridor and on the stairs . ” said aramis . had called upon danglars , the mysterious lodger entered at ten o	58.524871826171875
’ clock in the morning instead of four in the afternoon . an <unk> on all vessels at present in his majesty ’ s ports , and without particular permission , not one dare lift an anchor . ” , and the wife and daughters of broussel held up their hands in supplication to the people ; the latter knew that this officer , who was so pale , but who appeared so determined , would keep his word ; they continued to threaten , but they began to disperse . , count , this youth is our prisoner ; you seem to forget that . city by assault , though often debated in the council of the king , had been always rejected . . , and	59.70677947998047
a servant introduced him to the count . once or twice at madame de morcerf ’ s , among the rest ; she appeared to me charming , though rather melancholy . we have before mentioned rose high above the wall , without in any way affecting the growth of other luxuriant shrubs and flowers that eagerly dressed forward to fill up the vacant <unk> , as though <unk> their right to enjoy the boon of light and air . pistols ! ” t crush him flat . <unk> the duke ; “ there was nothing wanting in my collection , except this gallows-bird . gave information that everything was preparing in the enemy ’ s camp for a fresh assault , the king judged that it would	101.5474624633789
be best to put an end to the affair , and gave the necessary orders for a decisive action . , then ? ” asked felton . do you think it can be a trap that they are laying for us ? ” suggested porthos , incessantly thinking how his greatness must be irksome to inferior people . secret to him , and ask him whether , however important , however valuable , however terrible it may be , you may not confide it to me . ” is in the hands of justice ; and , ” added he with a smile , “ she will take her own. ” so saying , he leaped into a boat , desiring to be rowed on board the _pharaon_	45.480587005615234
, where m. morrel had agreed to meet him . in question made <unk> i would advise him not to buy one . ” will i even raised myself up , but only to sink down again immediately , and to fall into the arms of my persecutor . ” flanders . them near that of the marshal . this man , whose words were listened to with anxious attention . monte cristo , remembering the abbé ’ s two <unk> . cried ; “ he venture himself amongst us , to be hung ! ” , for the young man raoul , ” said d ’ artagnan . said the count . her shoulders ? ” much astonished , raised her head to look at him ,	46.41748809814453
but his face was so gloomy and terrible that her words froze to her lips . spare yourself the trouble . ” ” a baron , so that i actually am one ; he made himself a count , so that he is not one at all . ” me ? ” some things which appear so impossible that the mind does not dwell on them for an instant . , from which it <unk> its name . . saw faria ’ s eyes <unk> with blood . must either give his consent to this plan or his refusal ; in the first case , i shall leave directly , and in the second , i shall wait till i am of age , which will be in	47.88987731933594
about ten months . does is part of a plan concerted between <unk> an infernal plan . ” king ’ s musketeers carries a certain respect with it , and even if that were not the case i would engage with four of my men to put to flight a hundred of these clowns . ” is beautiful , ” returned the young lady . debray , “ albert sent this morning to request us to come. ” beauchamp and château-renaud exchanged looks of astonishment . ” the street , with a frightful beating at his heart ; he wished to see if he could find other traces of violence . ; all the world is wicked ; let us therefore strike at wickedness ! ” an intention	66.91272735595703
, your eminence ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . expiring embers threw up a fresh flame from the kindling of a piece of wood that lay near , and a bright light flashed over the room . anyone , madame . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan , checking him with his hand ; “ and now his eminence confirms it . ” the young man , who misunderstood the meaning of that inquisition . the circumstance to speak to m. de tréville of the letter with the great red seal and the cardinal ’ s arms . for access to , viewing , displaying , performing , copying or distributing any project gutenberg™ works unless you comply with paragraph 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . ? used	30.804798126220703
to these latitudes , and knew every rock in the tuscan archipelago ; for in the midst of this obscurity franz was not without <unk> had long since disappeared , and monte cristo itself was invisible ; but the sailors seemed , like the lynx , to see in the dark , and the pilot who steered did not evince the slightest hesitation . was as well cleared as the right , and they drew up the blind of the window which mazarin , less heroic than the king , had taken the precaution to lower . as your excellency may have observed , your horse is in the great gateway , ready saddled for your departure . ” , and this time it was not my sleep	73.9176254272461
that enabled the coward to prevail , but my swoon . ” were very long . he , in an accent of greater astonishment than before , “ your second witness is monsieur aramis ? ” how good you are ! ” self-command , not suffering the faintest indication of a smile to escape him at the enumeration of all the benefits he would have <unk> had he been able to quit the island ; but as _la jeune amélie_ had merely come to monte cristo to fetch him away , he embarked that same evening , and proceeded with the captain to leghorn . where is it ? work first because , since these men had been in the service of himself and his friends he had	74.47534942626953
discovered in each of them different and essential qualities . arrested ? small staff . fell into infamous hands . son has done us no harm . ” only , ” he said , “ we should be rich directly . ” artagnan summoned the host , one of those sly <unk> who say neither yes nor no and fear to commit themselves by giving a direct answer . ? <unk> ? the elect , and there , says <unk> <unk> , gave them to eat a certain herb , which transported them to paradise , in the midst of <unk> shrubs , <unk> fruit , and <unk> virgins . have my plan . perusal , he folded the letter and resumed his pensive attitude . to pay	94.88993835449219
for his rosemary , this oil , and the wine , the only expense the master had incurred , as he had preserved a strict <unk> on the contrary , the yellow horse , by the account of the hostler at least , had eaten three times as much as a horse of his size could reasonably be supposed to have <unk> ’ artagnan found nothing in his pocket but his little old velvet purse with the eleven crowns it contained ; for as to the letter addressed to m. de tréville , it had disappeared . door beauchamp stopped morcerf . to me ! ” said the young man . the holy water . with a cunning rather than serious glance , yet he examined his countenance	67.98670959472656
with attention and after a momentary silence said : me ! ” cried out winter . more <unk> . bazin . ” please ? ” ; let us go on straight forwards . ” complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the united states . she was right in her supposition . ! ” cried mordaunt , springing off his horse . , be assured ; and as every inconvenience deserves its <unk> , here is , in addition to the price of the studs , an order for a thousand pistoles , to make you forget the annoyance i cause you . ” considerable crowd was assembled , towards ten o ’ clock in the morning , around the door	43.979801177978516
of m. de villefort ’ s house , and a long file of mourning-coaches and private carriages extended along the faubourg saint-honoré and the rue de la <unk> . of safety , there only remained la rochelle . monte cristo has just carried off their five millions . ” murmured danglars . killed you , <unk> ! ” cried d ’ artagnan , making the best face possible , and never retreating one step before his three assailants , who continued to shower blows upon him . to be in great haste ? ” down the columns , and when she came to the word “ will , ” m. noirtier ’ s eye bade her stop . burst into a flood of tears , and wrung her	50.24060821533203
hands in agony ; but the thought , which she had always repelled before when it was suggested to her by another , came now in full force upon her mind ; and then , too , old dantès incessantly said to her , ‘ our edmond is dead ; if he were not , he would return to us . ’ and <unk> , had arrived within a few steps of the hôtel d ’ arguillon and in front of that hôtel perceived aramis , chatting gaily with three gentlemen ; but as he had not forgotten that it was in presence of this young man that m. de tréville had been so angry in the morning , and as a witness of the rebuke the musketeers	59.433494567871094
had received was not likely to be at all agreeable , he pretended not to see him . followed through astonishment , then with <unk> shouts , then the porters had insulted him , then children had thrown stones at him , and finally he was obliged to run , to escape the missiles . who have not eaten for six weeks . ” , for eight-and-forty hours . , ” said morrel . try to speak to aramis himself . said he , “ that i will take coffee with her , and give her to understand that i desire permission to present one of my friends to her . ” almost with terror . and take all the combatants , wounded or not , royalists or	62.62004470825195
cardinalists . him , and on the third floor he found a hare ’ s paw , which , by the hasty ringing of the bell , it was evident he pulled with considerable ill-temper . , instead of the sixteen i had last year , i have this year , you see , eleven , already <unk> , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , eighteen . more climbed the staircase leading to her chamber , her body convulsed with chills , and her teeth rattling in her head , in spite of the intense heat of the weather . fine arts , which luigi had carried as far as he could in his solitude , he was given to <unk> fits of sadness	75.78919219970703
and enthusiasm , was often angry and capricious , and always sarcastic . , sir . notaries looked at each other in mute astonishment and inquiry as to what were the real intentions of the testator . his gaze could pierce the branches of trees which limited his horizon . mass , in the chapel of the virgin . ” by offering his arm to his daughter . ” that <unk> is he ? sire ; he is the son of one of my oldest friends—the son of a man who served under the king your father , of glorious memory , in the civil war . ” reverend sir , or have you there soldiers ready to seize me ? ” sudden idea . parade , radiant	73.25453186035156
as at a fete . i , who am master of the universe , as was <unk> . ” porthos to gain information respecting athos and aramis , and to aramis in order to learn something of porthos . style of <unk> ” went to present his respects to m. dessessart , and inform him of his promotion . opened the door of the corridor and then that of the ante-chamber . alighting from his _coupé_ , joined him ; beauchamp did the same . gutenberg ebook the count of monte cristo , illustrated *** monseigneur , ” said athos ; “ require our parole , and give yourself no uneasiness . ; i recognize monsieur de flamarens . ” . ” tréville had foreseen . you !	43.02222442626953
” said buckingham . man has friends , they are not only to offer him a glass of wine , but , moreover , to prevent his swallowing three or four <unk> of water <unk> ! ” drive out the bullet , and from the adjoining room no one would have suspected that the count was , as <unk> would say , keeping his hand in . ” franz and the sailors in unison . to believe you , sir , the people seem to have thrown off all restraint . ” die ? ” noirtier raised his eyes to heaven . with , stupid ? to fetch porthos and aramis . rather <unk> , i acknowledge , but it is true . , the broad shoulders and	41.42948532104492
the steady eye of porthos . i told you . ” . ” the young man ’ s mind that by remaining in the environs of the spot on which this sad event had passed , he would , perhaps , have some light thrown upon the mysterious affair . nearest frontier is sixty leagues distant . ” i will not thus waste your time . electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder , your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder . you are free , your excellency . ” told you that there is nothing between me and the duchess de longueville ? , awaited the departure , regarding	47.30889129638672
the butt of his musket with silent eloquence . wine is beyond all price near rome . ” and in the course of the following year married mme . distribute this work in any binary , compressed , marked up , nonproprietary or proprietary form , including any word processing or hypertext form . ” foot of the stairs , and then immediately came up again to d ’ artagnan , whose senses were still in a state of confusion . a prisoner because , under the arbor of la réserve , the day before i was to marry you , a man named danglars wrote this letter , which the fisherman fernand himself posted . ” the owner of the project gutenberg™ trademark , but he has	50.3927001953125
agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation . , and with an expression of countenance which commanded her to pay the most implicit attention to his words , he said in greek , “ <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , ” —that is , “ tell us the fate of your father ; but neither the name of the traitor nor the <unk> ” haydée sighed deeply , and a shade of sadness clouded her beautiful brow . his name was unknown to your majesty . ” so ? ” that projected from a <unk> door , he tied the animal safely and having drawn a red cotton handkerchief , from his pocket , wiped	53.00407791137695
away the perspiration that streamed from his brow , then , advancing to the door , struck thrice with the end of his <unk> stick . know , been killed ? ” muttered the count , “ fire can not burn , nor water drown it ! port you make ; i shall be sure to find employment . ” ” strode down three or four stairs , but at athos ’ s last remark he stopped short . intended witnessing an execution , but i have never been able to make up my mind ; and you , albert ? ” only the <unk> who deny friendship ; they can not understand it . ? ” said the baron , suspiciously . . , had loved the	58.52040481567383
queen . person speak as you do . ” mistress : among those guardsmen with whom he had formed greater intimacy than with the others , to invite them to enjoy with him this present of delicious anjou wine which had been sent him from villeroy . shall see each other again , m. morrel ? ” asked penelon . at the door and announced the cardinal , the child , who had been absorbed in the pages of <unk> curtius , enlivened as they were by <unk> of alexander ’ s feats of arms , frowned and looked at his mother . no one was to be allowed admission ; but the sentinel , who knew that mordaunt was one of the most confidential friends of the	52.90947341918945
general , thought the order did not extend to the young man . ! ” ” said the duchess . , grimaud looked at the clock ; it was hardly a <unk> six . certain uneasiness , “ did you meet them ? ” inquire from your majesty what you desire monsieur d ’ herblay and myself to do in your service . part , thus <unk> , softened immediately and sat down , and in an almost weeping voice , letting her arms fall by her side , said : , ’ murmured my mother , <unk> quietly to await the approach of death . question about a grant to a railway . ? ” said athos . , you wished to study music , under the	40.38178253173828
celebrated baritone who made such a successful appearance at the théâtre <unk> ; at the same time i felt inclined to learn dancing of the <unk> who acquired such a reputation in london . communicate ; secondly , to embrace my children and bid them farewell for the last time . ! he , “ i am no longer able , as i had hoped , to restore you immediately to liberty ; before doing so , i must consult the trial justice ; what my own feeling is you already know . ” monsieur bazin went to <unk> ’ ’ tis his custom . ? ” said aramis . we have to do with a gentleman . ” may be procured by his immediate arrest , as	71.26583099365234
the letter will be found either about his person , at his father ’ s residence , or in his cabin on board the _pharaon_ . ’ ” that , because the signature seemed to me so strange . ” just , monsieur de tréville , and by and by , by and by we will see . ” dragged himself to the door of the cell . it is a settled thing ; and now , my lord , will you obtain for me an audience with the queen ? ” these necessary papers . ” not concealed from his master that he had met d ’ artagnan and aramis , and that d ’ artagnan in the yellow horse had recognized the béarnese pony upon which	37.02931213378906
he had come to paris , and which he had sold for three crowns . so often spoken of you , that he knows exactly how i talk to you. ” then turning to maximilian , with an adorable smile ; although shaded by sorrow , — “ he knows everything i know , ” said she . women had watched , hoping that when he left his room morrel would come to them , but they heard him pass before their door , and trying to conceal the noise of his footsteps . , without encouraging them or promising them anything , and without concealing from them that their luck , and even his own , depended upon the cast of the dice . on his journey	66.87259674072266
, without other escort than his sword , and with a simple passport from mazarin to secure his admission to the queen ’ s presence . to seven , ” returned the duke ( suiting the action to the words ) , “ i raise the crust of the pie ; i find in it two poniards , a ladder of rope , and a gag . ” and from this moment i will endeavor to model myself after him . matter with this head ? ” said d ’ artagnan , raising the <unk> hat . this interview , and i trust it will convince you how <unk> are your objections to valentine ’ s marriage . ” of whatever kind it may be , an individual	54.890933990478516
suspected of any crime is arrested , the arrest is held secret . ” and d ’ artagnan threw the bag upon the table . the door of the study he heard the bedroom door open , turned , and saw his father . had ruined for him she was destined to ruin , and became the comtesse de la <unk> ” cried his eminence , for the third time . your majesty has said , a ward , who is called the vicomte de bragelonne . ” order to comply ; but at each effort he fell back , moaning and turning pale . parts in the popular comedy he was performing , —a <unk> he had adopted and which suited him about as well as the	50.828369140625
masks worn on the classic stage by paternal actors , who seen from one side , were the image of <unk> , and from the other showed lips drawn down in <unk> ill-temper . at the same time perfectly understood that he should have been duly fortified against the poison to which he had not been accustomed . ” of the <unk> you have indeed suffered long enough . ” i possess will pass into your hands . i have been told . ” for <unk> to be seen by this fellow , ” continued the stranger . , d ’ artagnan , having no better employment , amused himself with beating a march upon the window and with looking at the musketeers , who went away ,	56.14300537109375
one after another , following them with his eyes until they disappeared . athos , ” said d ’ artagnan . , my lord , thrust it in . ” frenchmen here ? ” he murmured proudly and turning his eyes to the benches where they had appeared for a moment ; “ they would have seen that their friend was worthy of their defense while alive , and of their tears when dead . ” to overtake the prisoner . have suffered ; but the culprit ? ” tell me what i should have to do in london , ” replied bonacieux , who remembered a little too late that rochefort had desired him to endeavor to obtain his wife ’ s secrets . made me tremble	40.1144905090332
. louvieres ; “ sir , beware of driving us to despair . ” ! impatience . second look , more full of amazement than the first . the cardinal , seizing hold of anne and drawing her back , “ madame , what are you about ? ” two sure men , who have been in action with my father . to quit paris , i hope he will stay there and continue to be prime minister , as he is a great statesman . escape of being eaten . livery yesterday ? ” ” said maximilian , leaning on the handle of his spade , “ i would give a good deal to know how it comes about that the count of monte cristo is acquainted	45.22600173950195
with m. de villefort . ” with superhuman strength , the armchair containing noirtier upstairs . placed his sword point on the breast of his fallen enemy , and forced him to ask for mercy . a prince to us , who fixed the <unk> upon a great queen ’ s head ? aramis , “ god desires the conversion and not the death of a sinner . ” years old , and was of great personal beauty and intelligence of mind , no one knew whether he had ever had a mistress . a poor sailor like me could have hoped for ? ” ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders ; “ the daughter of henry iv . another trial ; he was to find out	46.17289352416992
whether he could recognize himself , as he had not seen his own face for fourteen years . . ” of the day on which i had been insulted , i hung my cassock on a peg , assumed the costume of a cavalier , and went to a ball given by a lady friend of mine and to which i knew my man was invited . ! ” said monte cristo , putting the light near his face . child was dead , and you buried it ? to edmond , who was hidden from his comrades by the <unk> of the ground , that at sixty paces from the harbor the marks ceased ; nor did they terminate at any grotto . governor ? ” shall	50.668670654296875
need all my strength to struggle with myself and support my grief in secret , as you say . it was his father ! ” of the house ; i proceeded to the stable and found my horse saddled and my lackey ready . madame de villefort ; “ then this house belonged to m. de saint-méran before you bought it ? ” gentlemen , sheathe your swords ! ” ? ” of a sensitive nature . , perceived that to avert the maternal storm gathering over his head , he must inspire madame danglars with the terror he felt . to begin . the travelers and by their insolence disturbed the <unk> even of the cool athos , who urged on his horse against one of them	69.12257385253906
. lord , you invoke in your defense things which accuse you more strongly . they are not in paris . . got rid of the dangerous and the crazy prisoner at the same time ? ” sir , ” exclaimed morrel , raising himself on one knee , his heart pierced by a more acute pang than any he had yet <unk> “ you are mistaken ; valentine , dying as she has , not only requires a priest , but an avenger . said athos , “ he has given me news of raoul . ” of the young man . next morning at daybreak , and go to <unk> by a different route . , he is really dead , ” said the doctor ;	45.119712829589844
“ this burn in the heel is decisive . to make to me certain proposals , but did you make them ? on his part , trembled with an emotion easily to be conceived , took the letter , bowed to the ground , and retired . ” said he , “ these gentlemen only say this out of affection for me , but at bottom they all like you . ” said the youths , “ we have done all we can for you ; and as we are in haste to rejoin the prince ’ s army we must continue our journey . pictured it as the soul of her grandmother . place we shall never find another so suitable . degenerates ; and i don	52.24169158935547
’ t know whether it is the game which leaves no scent , or the dogs that have no noses . ” match ? ” mme . you , monsieur . ” , will you come ? ” cried milady . ” said madame danglars , “ all my linen is marked thus ; monsieur de nargonne was a baron , and my name is hermine . of royal blood , madame , ” said d ’ artagnan . looking , my fine fellow ? ” asked the fruiteress on the opposite side . take them to no . with the count de guiche and his tutor , when all at once the door opened and grimaud presented himself , <unk> , dirty , and sprinkled with the	32.992916107177734
blood of the unhappy executioner . leaving the door fastened , he drew back the bolts and even placed the door <unk> , as though he had left the room , forgetting to close it , and slipping into the chimney like a man accustomed to that kind of <unk> exercise , after replacing the <unk> , which represented achilles with <unk> , and <unk> the very marks of his feet upon the ashes , he commenced climbing the hollow tunnel , which afforded him the only means of escape left . quarter past <unk> fact , in twenty minutes . ” thinking whether we ought to come armed or not . ” to hear it , perhaps ? ” second ? ” cried d ’ artagnan .	64.04667663574219
footsteps on the stairs ; and that the footsteps , which were those of several persons , stopped at the door . again to give us any information ? ” inquired the countess . ” struck dumb with astonishment . , and still through his eyelashes a well-known form seemed to move amid the obscurity with which he thought himself enveloped . and as nature has endowed me with some faculties , at this day i can throw the lasso with any man in the world . rochefort . fever , and seemed dying by inches . , ” said he ; “ for the second time i give you your life . ” , i beg . ” madame , ” said monte cristo , “ as	40.52149200439453
the orientals do not confine themselves , as did mithridates , to make a cuirass of his poisons , but they also made them a dagger . cast a rapid glance around him in order to be sure that nobody could either see or hear him , and opening his ragged vest , badly held together by a leather strap , he began to rip the upper part of his doublet , from which he drew a letter . young man who was talking with her , and saying a few words to him , pointed with her finger to teresa . exclaimed athos , “ how i should admire the resources of your mind did i not stop to adore those of your heart . ” ready	59.386409759521484
, one written by herself , the other by her daughter , the princess henrietta . as is permissible in <unk> , from the word itself to its softened <unk> , then , instead of committing an ignoble assassination you make an ‘ <unk> ; ’ you merely and simply remove from your path the individual who is in your way , and that without shock or violence , without the display of the sufferings which , in the case of becoming a punishment , make a martyr of the victim , and a butcher , in every sense of the word , of him who inflicts them . were you arrested , then ? ” asked the inspector . ” said athos , calmly . on the	67.75714874267578
previous night , was the old jacobin , the old senator , the old <unk> , laughing at the guillotine , the cannon , and the <unk> . planchet , gallop up to it whilst i tighten my horse ’ s <unk> , and come back and tell me if there is a light in any of the jesuits ’ windows . ” louvre on the day when he scattered his pearls ; and , _pardieu_ , i picked up two that i sold for ten pistoles each . cæsar borgia soon found <unk> for their appointments . here is the <unk> from my sister to withdraw our little servant from the convent of béthune , the air of which you think is bad for her . are	63.759395599365234
the friends of these gentlemen . ” and that i see him staggering and hear him stammering , ” said planchet , in a piteous tone , “ but at all events we shall soon know the real state of things , for i imagine that those lofty walls , now turning <unk> in the setting sun , are the walls of blois . ” ? which shook the solid wall , and by the aid of his friend ’ s hand gained the summit . this cavern , morcerf ? ” asked beauchamp . letter he had received from the viscount , in which , without assigning any reason , he begged him to go to the opera , but he understood that something terrible was brooding	51.67033386230469
. to god , ” said m. de tréville ; “ for i know no one except god who can be so far above your majesty . ” battle having taken place , the princess opened her mouth as though to ask a question of interest ; but her lips closed again without articulating a word , while the color gradually faded from her cheeks . , —two , perhaps , into silence . . which escaped our gascon , milady replied with a smile of kindness . jussac ’ s patience . madame de saint-remy , have they yet told her of it ? ” you have just left ? ” contrary , took the right hand ; arrived near a clump of trees , he stopped	56.30133819580078
. simple enough , ” replied the host . ” haydée , do you believe you shall be able to accustom yourself to our present mode of life ? ” we have nothing to fear if we land ? ” . what more does athos say ? ” helder , on <unk> <unk> may , half-past <unk> <unk> . ” athos , “ how much time we have lost . ” the absence of his rival afforded him , he reflected , partly on the means of deceiving mercédès as to the cause of his absence , partly on plans of <unk> and abduction , as from time to time he sat sad and motionless on the summit of cape pharo , at the spot from whence marseilles	56.53633499145508
and the catalans are visible , watching for the apparition of a young and handsome man , who was for him also the messenger of vengeance . these women would puzzle the very devil to read them aright . whether the king <unk> was of the older or younger branch , whether the government was <unk> liberal , or <unk> ; looked upon by all as a man of talent , since those who have never experienced a political check are generally so regarded ; hated by many , but warmly supported by others , without being really liked by anybody , m. de villefort held a high position in the <unk> , and maintained his eminence like a harlay or a molé . at the same moment	115.89361572265625
, and friquet was waiting behind comminges until the door should be opened . of which we have given a description . ’ s private antechamber , m. de tréville found la chesnaye , who informed him that they had not been able to find m. de la trémouille on the preceding evening at his hôtel , that he returned too late to present himself at the louvre , that he had only that moment arrived and that he was at that very hour with the king . me then ? ” been a promise . ” and a fine ear . porthos , “ here ! ” ; it is now three , and i am to speak . ” ” said bertuccio , “ this man	26.785938262939453
with this spotless <unk> ” bunch of violets to his button-hole . and was preparing to make a hole with his gimlet , when he found a spigot ; he therefore placed his tankard under it and turned the <unk> ; something , whatever it was the cask contained , fell silently into the tankard . he , “ it is a happy day for me , to feel that i am beloved by such a man as you . may have much to suffer , but i feel as if my grandfather ’ s look at that moment would more than compensate for all . ” secretaire in its place , and the key in the secretaire . one way <unk> knowledge of parisian habits , of	57.574161529541016
the means of rendering yourself comfortable , or of the <unk> , can assist , you may depend upon me to find you a fitting dwelling here . take leave of m. de tréville . this discovery was so great she could not conceal it . start and drove off in the direction he was desired , never doubting but that the order had come from his master . ; she will buy heavily , and she will certainly lose when beauchamp announces the following day , in his <unk> , ‘ the report circulated by some usually well-informed persons that the king was seen yesterday at gabrielle ’ s house , is totally without foundation . horses ! ” of a league , within fifty paces of	93.77334594726562
festubert , a larger <unk> appeared ; the ground was trampled by horses . the baroness very rarely comes to the house , and my mother , has not , i think , visited madame danglars twice in her whole life . ” of assassination ? ” said the general , shrugging his shoulders . , though , ” said porthos ; “ and the proof is that i paid twelve pistoles for it . ” know how i delight in accounts of war and fighting . ” was chosen to examine the proofs brought forward by morcerf . but this woman is a friend of aramis— ” madame de villefort , on whom the authoritative style adopted by the count made a deep impression , “ nay	54.286460876464844
, but consider that to preserve my life he has risked his own . ” . , very happy . chain , so fine that the slender gold thread was scarcely perceptible on his white waistcoat . not manage to restore to me my pension ? ’ count , “ i am very glad to tell you , that while you <unk> , you wring your hands and roll your eyes like a man possessed by a devil who will not leave him ; and i have always observed , that the devil most obstinate to be <unk> is a secret . honor of informing your eminence that these men were drunk . ” monte cristo ; “ since , as i told you before , i do	46.79521942138672
not wish to comprehend it . vast plain like that of some genius of the night ; he passed his hand over his brow , got into the carriage , the door was closed on him , and the vehicle quickly disappeared down the other side of the hill in a whirlwind of dust and noise . a deposit , on a <unk> , which is an advance , as you see , since we gain at least ten , fifteen , twenty , or a hundred livres ’ worth of iron in exchange for our money . blaisois , ” said athos ; “ he can , he says , only swim in rivers . ” his horse , he may have cut a <unk> from the	38.14435958862305
deck ; he may have traveled so fast against the wind as to have brought on a violent <unk> . a copy this evening , which i shall know by heart tomorrow . ” give my last sou for it . to us ? ” said porthos . pier , and offered his hand to milady . the neighborhood . ” the duc de beaufort , was quite unintelligible to la ramee . his camp tin cup , filled it with wine and arose . m. andrea cavalcanti ! ” queen , and every time he passed by her , he devoured with his eyes those studs of which he could not ascertain the number . were you thinking of as you danced opposite the young countess of	53.16139221191406
san-felice ? ’ and waited all the evening and all the next day without getting any message . lantern the coadjutor recognized planchet . . ” ” said albert , “ i will endeavor to return your politeness at rome , and place my <unk> at your disposal until your own be ready . ” du verger , ” he said , “ shut yourself up with this man until monsieur bernouin returns to open the door . name appears so often in our story “ the three musketeers , ” without her actually having appeared in any scene , was still a beautiful woman . then ? ” last long . buckingham <unk> not set <unk> for france . resumed mazarin , “ that <unk> ” ”	51.001834869384766
said porthos . . ? ” paris , but still further , that the queen had renewed with her one of those mysterious <unk> which at that time was named a <unk> ; _ when he affirmed that he , the cardinal , was about to unravel the most closely twisted thread of this intrigue ; that at the moment of arresting in the very act , with all the proofs about her , the queen ’ s emissary to the exiled duchess , a musketeer had dared to interrupt the course of justice violently , by falling sword in hand upon the honest men of the law , charged with <unk> impartially the whole affair in order to place it before the eyes of the <unk> xiii	64.90523529052734
. the nurse had left ; valentine , who for the last hour had been suffering from the fever which returned nightly , incapable of controlling her ideas , was forced to yield to the excitement which exhausted itself in producing and <unk> a succession and recurrence of the same fancies and images . aramis , “ i am extremely careful of my appearance . may be obtained by arresting the above-mentioned edmond dantès , who either carries the letter for paris about with him , or has it at his father ’ s abode . ? ” asked the monk . advance she whispered to the lackeys , “ a thousand pistoles to each of you , if you will assist my escape ; but if you	60.05149459838867
deliver me up to your masters , i have near at hand <unk> who will make you pay dearly for my death . ” said , “ i swear to you my soul is no longer my own . ” she give you for entering all alone ? ” , but reflecting that the sight of the deputy procureur running through the streets would be enough to throw the whole city into confusion , he resumed his ordinary pace . artagnan swam in delirium ; he marched between athos and porthos , pressing them tenderly . ! ” francs , and in taking them from his pocket dropped a visiting card . hoarse , rattling sound ; the old man ’ s eyes sparkled , and the good	71.05474090576172
doctor understood that he wished to behold his child . ” said the young man , “ oh , <unk> are you saying , count ? as good condition as i am , and as , i hope you are , m. morrel , and this day and a half was lost from pure whim , for the pleasure of going ashore , and nothing else . ” , and read in a slow voice , dwelling upon every syllable : the first attack i discovered symptoms of tetanus ; you confirmed my opinion . ” is i who tell you so ; make preparations for departure . ” happened to brutus the night before the battle of <unk> ; i have seen a ghost . ” ,	52.031829833984375
sir ? ” asked villefort , trembling at the new idea inspired by the delirium of morrel . a knife , and to leave it with me after our interview . ” ago , ” said d ’ artagnan . and meet him . ” weep like you ! ” confidential conversation , ” returned valentine ; “ she was <unk> to me her repugnance to the marriage with m. de morcerf ; and i , on the other hand , was confessing to her how wretched it made me to think of marrying m. d ’ épinay . ” ? ” officer , she began the descent of the ladder , at the foot of which the boat waited . the coadjutor found it strictly guarded and	33.63691329956055
a man approached him . all the visions she beheld were but the children of her imagination , and the conviction was strengthened by the fact that in the morning no traces remained of the nocturnal phantoms , who disappeared with the coming of daylight . have now reached the moment of decision . , by <unk> , how the enemy guarded this bastion . to destroy yourself ! ” prince ; ’ but listen . it had another entrance , and the courtyard was paved and empty ; while today we have a splendid lawn , bordered by trees which appear to be a hundred years old . ” not ! you may be quite at ease ; she will soon be softened . . that is	64.97801208496094
true ! ” cried the owner , greatly delighted . enough , gentlemen ; please to understand , that ’ s enough . his carriage , and was immediately driven to the bank . a monk and revealed it to him in confession . ” ! ” , then , sir . ” you ? ” asked the prince . i will be on the ground at the proper time ; but in my opinion ( and i have a right to dictate the preliminaries , as it is i who have received the <unk> ) —in my opinion the time ought not to be yet . and announced monsieur le comte de la fere . bed , and concealed by a stone fitting in so closely as	36.30274963378906
to defy all suspicion , was a hollow space , and in this space a ladder of cords between twenty-five and thirty feet in length . ; men avenge them ! ” don ’ t speak like that of monsieur groslow . ” cried friquet , “ you ’ re meddling too ! take him with me ? ” , i greatly fear ; they have gone too far for him to pardon them , and there is nothing left to them but one thing , and that is to kill him . beautiful , so large , that i believe a man of your size should pass through each frame . ” one after another . direct , it seems to me . ” turn . but	58.38344192504883
i am severely . ” . of us is then true . two <unk> in latin and in greek ; one is , i believe , from <unk> , and the other from bias . health , and the travelers returned his politeness . and found in it two diamond studs . , although i am astonished that you know it . ” , ” replied the officer . italian , ” said he . the only fault to be found with them was the same that a fastidious connoisseur might have found with her beauty , that they were somewhat too <unk> and masculine for so young a person . . , ” muttered d ’ artagnan , “ and you are a dead man . ”	38.85588073730469
in athos ’ s habitually calm manner , the face of the gascon relaxed and porthos ’ s brow grew smooth . ” the major , “ i am quite ashamed of the trouble i am giving you . ” ” said danglars , “ in case your proposals , which do me honor , are accepted by my wife and daughter , by whom shall the preliminary arrangements be settled ? fell into a rage , <unk> , and declared that they wished to starve him to death as they had <unk> the marechal <unk> and the grand prior of vendome ; but he refused to promise that he would not make any more drawings and remained without any fire in the room all the winter .	64.94799041748047
am in the hands of an avenging god ! ” said the minister of police to villefort , as they left the tuileries , “ you entered by luck ’ s <unk> fortune is made . ” to complain of ? ” said the governor to the jailer who had charge of the abbé . i shall have the honor to inform you of it . providence for making me so wicked , and <unk> me to such a fate , my adopted father said to me , ‘ do not blaspheme , unhappy child , the crime is that of your father , not yours , —of your father , who consigned you to hell if you died , and to misery if a miracle preserved you	53.36022186279297
<unk> ’ after that i ceased to blaspheme , but i cursed my father . of these torches d ’ artagnan perceived men in uniform . the bell , and ordered the servant to tell monsieur or madame de villefort that they were requested to come to m. noirtier ’ s room . a <unk> <unk> between incredulity and joy . that . have me know ? ” ? to treat me harshly in speaking of me to the abbess . ” the hands of the usher on duty , who led him into the waiting room and passed on into the interior of the palace . but i doubt whether he can see you at this moment . ” into which i had fallen appeared so strange	49.22011947631836
that i believed myself dreaming . athos , “ put yourself at the head of the troop and beware of the monk . ” , ” said mercédès , “ if i had a stronger heart , that is the counsel i would have given you ; your conscience has spoken when my voice became too weak ; listen to its <unk> . ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ without a thesis ? i am sure of it , ” said the duke . ” cried porthos . , with all the patient solicitude of a mother , she watched for his return . ” . dark lantern , bunch of keys , and clothing , excepting the waistcoat , which could not be found , were	35.35588073730469
deposited at the <unk> ; the corpse was conveyed to the <unk> . newcastle struck one the sleeper awoke , and with all the gestures of a man <unk> himself out of deep sleep he looked attentively about him ; perceiving that he was alone he rose and making a little circuit passed close to the cavalier who was speaking to the sentinel . the idea of marrying the granddaughter of a jacobin ? ” be killed on leaving this house , and did not warn me ! ” , master peter . ” so act on me , that i shall , on compulsion , consider such a contemptible possession as the utmost happiness . the midst of war , and am about to deliver a decisive	74.7525405883789
battle against king charles . the head of their squadrons ; aramis with sword and pistol in his hands , athos with his sword in his scabbard , his pistol in his saddle-bags ; calm and cool as if on the parade , except that his noble and beautiful countenance became sad as he saw <unk> so many men who were sacrificed on the one side to the obstinacy of royalty and on the other to the personal rancor of the princes . , thought proper to threaten his prisoner that if he did not give up drawing such pictures he should be obliged to deprive him of all the means of amusing himself in that manner . swordsman can have very little weight , ” replied d	68.7591552734375
’ artagnan , who began to be uneasy at the turn things were taking , “ and you had better be satisfied , believe me , with the knowledge of these gentlemen . ” to say may seem strange to you , who are <unk> , and <unk> humanity and your duty to your neighbor , but i never seek to protect a society which does not protect me , and which i will even say , generally occupies itself about me only to injure me ; and thus by giving them a low place in my esteem , and preserving a <unk> towards them , it is society and my neighbor who are indebted to me . ” three musketeers did likewise . of my fall ?	58.23807907104492
smile of contempt . house and turned towards the quay . incredulity , edmond , ” continued faria . that his eyes might look over the curtain . men said , ‘ he must certainly be at noisy , or be coming there this evening , for i have seen his servant . ’ , ” asked groslow , “ that stuart will ever escape while i am on guard ? ” chimney from which no smoke issued , and having reached it , he disappeared through the orifice without being seen by anyone . edmond , slightly changing color , “ and wherefore , i pray ? ” we are prisoners , ” whispered d ’ artagnan to his friend . , and that would produce an	54.20532989501953
appetite it would require a million a day to satisfy . to rely upon that . ” am guilty ; but what name can you give it , what name will the lord give it , if i am innocent ? ” the taxes <unk> imposed and to which the parliament had made opposition , was the necessity of sustaining the honor of france and the uncertain hope of beating the enemy . containing the ladies of honor , the officers of the royal household , and the court . said a voice which he recognized as that of the mendicant , whom he found lying on a kind of <unk> bed . you tell me what i most wish to know ? ” ” cried olivain ,	59.46150207519531
pale and disconsolate rushing about on the shore , “ how shall i cross ? ” the trouble , my lord , ” said d ’ artagnan , with his right foot forward , his beaver in his hand , a smile on his face , “ we have followed your eminence step by step and here we are . ” , ” said porthos , “ i shall always be happy to welcome you to my barony . ” ” said the latter ; “ m . i . mention these things , ” said danglars ; then , approaching monte cristo , he added , “ especially before young m. cavalcanti ; ” after which he smiled , and turned towards the young man in question	32.198204040527344
. although i am the insulted party , in order to carry out my eccentricity , i leave him the choice of arms , and will accept without discussion , without dispute , anything , even combat by drawing lots , which is always stupid , but with me different from other people , as i am sure to gain . ” you ? ” . the unanimous answer . , listened for a moment to the flickering of the lamp , the only sound in that deserted room , and then advanced to the table to see if valentine ’ s glass were empty . me ? ” asked harrison of d ’ artagnan . ; but it will break his heart . s horse by the	46.674583435058594
bridle and led him forth out of the <unk> . you , count , for this pleasing intelligence ! told him all ; he knew me , that man did , and did not doubt an instant . you , sir , can return to paris , while your wife passes the time of her mourning with her mother-in-law . ” rochefort , ” mazarin replied in a tone of raillery , “ you think yourself still a young man ; your spirit is that of the <unk> , but your strength fails you . to ask his support and three times he ordered his servants to turn me away . ” to deal with . ? ” and he blew out the light . on our own	47.6630859375
strength , and , like others , perhaps , be led astray by our blind confidence in each other ’ s prudence . ” at this man with the long , thick and black hair and beard , which gave his head the appearance of one of titian ’ s portraits . ” asked porthos . times , restrained by the limits of mere probability , have neither courage nor desire . wishing to learn whither he has <unk> himself , i should <unk> the possibility of meeting him as i would a wild beast . chapter xii . heart was unable to <unk> its throbbings , while , with the other he wiped the perspiration from his temples . the double meaning of his own sentence ,	64.9726791381836
but continued to compassionate the fate of concino concini . thesis ? ” king ! villefort bear it ? ” him a <unk> . ” a man so firm and decided , there was this morning in his personal appearance something <unk> and irresolute . on the morrow a serious misfortune happened to <unk> disappeared . liberty this moment ; i will proclaim you a piece of <unk> virtue ; i will name you the lucretia of england . ’ am not liberated , ” cried he , “ and am detained here until my death ? , that ’ s all . ” with what eagerness i welcomed him , and how minutely i related the whole of what i had seen and heard . dear aramis	67.94654846191406
, ” said d ’ artagnan , who detested verses almost as much as he did latin , “ add to the merit of the difficulty that of the <unk> , and you are sure that your poem will at least have two merits . ” am your nephew , you will think twice about it , now that i have learned some things of which i was ignorant a year ago . ” and a cold sweat broke out upon his brow . <unk> the day when the prince , thanks to you , shall have turned against the court . ” lover , he cast on him a look of deep meaning , while fernand , as he slowly paced behind the happy pair , who	49.73242950439453
seemed , in their own unmixed content , to have entirely forgotten that such a being as himself existed , was pale and abstracted ; occasionally , however , a deep flush would overspread his countenance , and a nervous contraction <unk> his features , while , with an agitated and restless gaze , he would glance in the direction of marseilles , like one who either anticipated or foresaw some great and important event . the prince , handing him a purse , “ here is for rocroy . are the indifferent races at the champ-de-mars and <unk> . , do you see , there is the anteroom and the drawing-room ; to the right of the drawing-room , a library and a study ; to the	99.69334411621094
left , a bedroom and a dressing-room . the marechal , “ i have left three men on the pont neuf , four at the <unk> , six at the corner of the rue de l ’ arbre-sec and two at the door of your <unk> in all . an <unk> in which he painted the power and the deeds of the cardinal , that incomparable minister , that conqueror of past ministers , that example for ministers to <unk> and power which none could thwart with impunity . crowd , m. de villefort saw it open before him . put themselves into saddle with their companions , and all four set forward ; athos upon a horse he owed to a woman , aramis on a horse	53.176387786865234
he owed to his mistress , porthos on a horse he owed to his procurator ’ s wife , and d ’ artagnan on a horse he owed to his good <unk> best mistress possible . . and on the stairs met madame morrel , who had been afraid to go up into the study . made an agreement with death to <unk> all his heirs , and he appears likely to succeed . you will seek buckingham . ” i might easily have accepted it , for it was i who put into his hands the first silver he ever earned ; but now m. dantès has no longer any occasion for <unk> is about to become a captain . ” fatigue and anxiety , my dear	46.40040588378906
duke , when we have a telegraph which <unk> messages in three or four hours , and that without getting in the least out of breath . ” was talked of as near and certain , and the jolly sailors were having a <unk> . ” with a firm hand , she said , “ drink . , ” said valentine . very thickly there during the summer , and when autumn arrived no one had been there to mow it . live at the expense of these daughters of heaven ; we are the poor , <unk> by god . ” such a hurry to do that , ” said valentine , with a sad smile . in this alliance with m. de villefort ; all i	47.5611572265625
seek is happiness . ” and you must take him as you find him . ” woman one loves is holy . ” their chamber , the door of which was left open on the pretext of kindly consideration . place , that bastille ! am <unk> ” ” said aramis , “ remember that he goes in an opposite direction from that in which we are going , that he has a fresh horse , and ours are fatigued , so that we shall <unk> our own horses without even a chance of overtaking him . his name , and in an instant recovering all his remembrances of the present and the past , m. de tréville grasped the situation . hastened on . providence has warned	51.946205139160156
us , that we may be on our guard . and taking from it the very bag which a half hour before her husband had caressed so affectionately , “ take this bag . ” chevalier , ” said planchet , bowing . natural , and in conformity with the law of reprisals . ’ french academy . ” something might have happened at the pavilion in his absence , and that fresh information awaited him . , ” replied mousqueton . broken , the door of the chamber had been beaten in and hung , split in two , on its hinges . be quick , for we have scarcely ten minutes more to pass together . ” place of those two fellows . ” these men	46.933414459228516
, monsieur comminges , but i know them , first personally , also by <unk> . would have given 20,000 . night before to change their <unk> . for it at home , sire , and i do not doubt you would be the greater for it abroad . ” to make peace with this gallant man , ” said d ’ artagnan to himself , having stood on one side during the whole of the latter part of the conversation ; and with this good feeling drawing near to aramis , who was departing without paying any attention to him , “ monsieur , ” said he , “ you will excuse me , i hope . ” a woman who writes , ” said aramis ,	36.99878692626953
“ and that woman desires not to be seen , remember , you compromise her , d ’ artagnan ; which is not the part of a gentleman . ” opposite to that by which he came in , he opened it and disappeared behind it , shutting it as he went . . host re-entered the room , followed not only by a surgeon , but by many other persons , whom curiosity had attracted to the spot . , ‘ confess yourselves to one another , ’ and i confess to you , d ’ artagnan . ” castle , d ’ artagnan thought of the miseries of poor human nature , always dissatisfied with what it has , ever desirous of what it has not	47.866302490234375
. count again ? ” ! francs a year , without counting a little <unk> of a thousand crowns the prince gave me . ” ; she is perhaps dead ! ” , ” said milady , “ how should i repay such a service ? said , “ you have me in a snare , gentlemen . not confound prudence with cowardice ; prudence is a virtue . ” count , you are far too indulgent . ” yourself . ” be prudent . ” . in the united states , you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook . , my god ! ” murmured the queen , whose teeth chattered with fright . elba ,	20.66350746154785
where he quitted it , and passed a whole day in the island . deign to repeat the words i but imperfectly caught , i shall be delighted to answer , ” said m. de villefort . think he is paying his addresses ? ” upon whom their arrival had produced a decided impression . with their feet ; they bit their lips till the blood came , and grasped the hilts of their swords with all their might . and his lackey . ” ’ artagnan , in his <unk> voice ; “ we shall laugh over all this in five minutes . ” ’ s opinion , my lord . ” be opened and in five minutes they will be here . ” perhaps refuse to	45.665287017822266
obey . ” the king , “ i was unjust ; here is a creature that loves me . same courier to our worthy friend aramis in his convent . ” aramis , “ tell me a little what you do fear . ” conversing in the obscurity . to the heart . ” nothing better . . in heaven ’ s name , ” exclaimed the young man , “ what are these weapons for ? ” accordance with paragraph 1.f.3 , a full refund of any money paid for a work or a replacement copy , if a defect in the electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of receipt of the work . order to win it , to remain an	26.449615478515625
hour in the bastion . think he had given you offence in an affair which he merely referred to without entering into particulars , but that whoever possessed the good opinion and confidence of the ship ’ s owners would have his preference also . ” . . ” sail for marseilles , with directions from dantès to join him at the island of monte cristo . that he had no straw left for himself . to be speaking of me . ” ” <unk> i should say that would bring him ill-luck . ” that . ” had had recourse to a great deal of <unk> to maintain his position . for the first time , and has already forgotten he has seen me . took 50,000	53.810359954833984
crowns . advance ; and in addition to the lightness of her step , which had betrayed her , she emitted a little cough which denoted a sweet voice . his bidding , you imprudent man ? ” without a shudder the approach of a gendarme who accompanied the officers deputed to demand his bill of health ere the yacht was permitted to hold communication with the shore ; but with that perfect self-possession he had acquired during his acquaintance with faria , dantès coolly presented an english passport he had obtained from leghorn , and as this gave him a standing which a french passport would not have afforded , he was informed that there existed no obstacle to his immediate debarkation . fearful “ hurrah !	144.1341094970703
” rent the air and thirty blades glittered about their heads . man whom you <unk> , monsieur de tréville . ” of the grotto opened , and gone forth ; on the azure dome of heaven still glittered a few remaining stars . easy on that head , ’ said ali , smiling ; ‘ selim and his flaming lance will settle that matter . head , if not his heart , was already full . route , that during the ride to the colosseum they passed not a single ancient ruin , so that no preliminary impression interfered to <unk> the <unk> proportions of the gigantic building they came to admire . athos all that had passed at the church between porthos and the procurator ’	107.2704849243164
s wife , and how their comrade was probably by that time in a fair way to be equipped . . ” said andrea . said d ’ artagnan , “ i have an appointment in two hours which i can not miss . ” nothing , madame ; i wait till i am confided in , and apart from that which lord de winter has said to me before you , he has confided nothing to me . ” what her name was as a young girl . ” 55 . ? ” he asked . word , the count saw in the next room a veiled woman , who had followed closely after baptistin , and now , seeing the count with a pistol in his	35.27180480957031
hand and swords on the table , rushed in . to be sure ; he took you for the devil , my dear fellow , and hastened to warn me of the danger that threatened my soul if i should meet again a companion so wicked as an officer of musketeers . ” honor , ” he said , advancing toward d ’ artagnan ; “ and i am truly pleased to meet you . ” ’ s attorney chapter <unk> . of the _fête_ . ” positively certain in this report , the young warriors decided to continue their way toward bethune , free on the road to <unk> to the right and march to <unk> if necessary . impression on behalf of the accused . notwithstanding	40.88222122192383
their wet clothes , the icy blast that blew and the previous scene of terror , these <unk> adventurers , with their iron frames , inured to every <unk> , threw themselves down , intending to profit by the advice of athos , who sat at the helm , pensively wakeful , guiding the little bark the way it was to go , his eyes fixed on the heavens , as if he sought to <unk> not only the road to france , but the <unk> aspect of protecting providence . in manner nor in feeling , but a sort of <unk> , a <unk> , a pantaloon . said monte cristo , with an expression of melancholy equal to his own , “ listen to me .	61.878578186035156
this house , ” said she , “ and barrois is looking out for suitable apartments for him in another . ” ” him with exemplary <unk> , and when he had finished said , “ and madame bonacieux , do you know who carried her off ? —for i do not forget that i owe to that unpleasant circumstance the good fortune of having made your acquaintance . ” across the pass by some arm of giant strength . do well if they had any leader to unite them in one body . ” to monsieur de la fere , or , on the honor of a gentleman , i ’ ll kill you ! ” short ? ” asked aramis . is a hundred times too	39.158409118652344
kind to me ; and on the contrary , i think i have not proved myself worthy of your goodness . ten by st. paul ’ s . the notary ; “ then , perhaps , it is to your son , m. de villefort ? ” had not , perhaps , been scrupulously faithful to him , but she had remembered him ; that was something . ; he therefore went to bed , placing his pocketbook under his pillow . neck and <unk> eyes , stood in an attitude ready to pounce upon morrel upon the first occasion . make dull jokes , my dear , ” said porthos . sword wound of his companion by a _sortie_ which he improvised . groslow , “ that	44.68653106689453
is just what we are taking him to london for . ” you several sums which will increase by <unk> ; you will stop me when i reach the one representing the amount of your own possessions ? ” said monte cristo : “ i scarcely know if i dare tell you where i am going . ” an ally , and not an enemy . pistoles . the wounded man sought to recall the features of the person now before him . ; let me blush for the faults you know , and perhaps—perhaps for even more than those ! you here ? ” , ” said the cardinal , sitting down on a fauteuil , “ you have always seemed to me to be a brave	46.76955795288086
and honorable man . ” mention one circumstance , which nevertheless ought not to be omitted ; in one of the rooms he crossed , the <unk> of the <unk> was on <unk> . set out ? ” the cardinal richelieu , in his camp before la <unk> . glance with the young girl , which was quite unperceived by albert . blaisois , “ he is lost ! ” ! ” said he . between her two hands , and tried to recall her ideas , whirling in a mortal vertigo . porthos , “ i have always noticed that aramis gives good advice . ” valentine , suddenly ; “ someone is coming ! ” maximilian leaped at one bound into his crop of lucern ,	39.810157775878906
which he began to pull up in the most <unk> way , under the pretext of being occupied in <unk> it . ” asked the disturbed host . ’ t know this woman , how do you know her name ? ” girl , villefort , ” said the marquise . have been more impassive and more mute ? along the faubourg saint-honoré , and in the rear of one of the most imposing mansions in this rich neighborhood , where the various houses <unk> with each other for elegance of design and magnificence of construction , extended a large garden , where the <unk> chestnut-trees raised their heads high above the walls in a solid rampart , and with the coming of every spring scattered a shower	59.32804870605469
of delicate pink and white blossoms into the large stone vases that stood upon the two square <unk> of a curiously wrought iron gate , that dated from the time of louis xiii . , as the king my father would have said . expenses he may have incurred , i am sure he is in a condition to pay them . ” face ! late , though he went to bed so early ; he had not slept well for five or six nights , even if he had slept at all . le comte , that you had something to communicate to me at your chateau of bragelonne , and that gentleman ” —he pointed to aramis— “ had also something to tell me when i	70.96772003173828
was in his convent . had come for the purpose of shooting goats , which he had utterly forgotten . ! it proceeded only from <unk> and a desire to see the king and queen , anne looked at d ’ artagnan anxiously . while since . husband who would not hear of <unk> . ” , i have something to dread ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . . three times mentioned a m. morrel , ” he said ; “ who was he ? ” habit of calling persons by their titles from living in a country where barons are still barons by right of birth . , ” replied the owner , “ and that is not saying much . he , “ the viscount	42.40385818481445
or the count ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , rising from the table , the story of the present day making him forget that of the preceding one . the charities . ” it ? ” of inflexible determination ; he firmly adhered to a purpose once formed , when it seemed to him to spring from conscience and to be <unk> by a sense of duty . a mean table , and she leaned her head upon her two hands , which were white as ivory . for him , —he will suffer less , ” said the inspector . replied the procureur ; “ you begged me not to leave . ” ? ” of his patron , respectfully placed the arm of his affianced	46.740997314453125
bride within that of m. morrel , who , forthwith conducting her up the flight of wooden steps leading to the chamber in which the feast was prepared , was gayly followed by the guests , beneath whose heavy tread the slight structure creaked and groaned for the space of several minutes . the world , ” cried aramis , “ is that animal bazin doing ? being come , the two guards arrived , took their places , and the dishes were arranged on the table . . will have no need to apply to the police to know where my friends are , but that if you will deign to interrogate the cardinal he can reply without any further inquiry than into his own recollections .	78.86283874511719
” you , ” said morcerf ; “ and the secret of that very pallor is what we want to find out . say , sir ? ” cried morcerf , turning livid with rage . i have reflected on your arguments and i am convinced . who in this way never depart from me ; the one who gave me being , and the other who conferred knowledge and intelligence on me . news , my lord ? ” understand , porthos ? , sir ? ” asked the driver . the englishman , laughing , “ i am like my house , and do not do such <unk> , the commission i ask is quite different . ” . ” was not yet acquainted with such	35.777957916259766
<unk> . power of your seductions upon many men , and unfortunately you have always succeeded ; but i give you leave to try them upon this one . man was riveted upon a spot which villefort could scarcely distinguish . <unk> spectators , the <unk> <unk> who took their daughters , and the charming <unk> who made with the thumb of their white hands the fatal sign that said , ‘ come , despatch the dying . ’ ” ? ” milady commenced her journey . large rough cape , which concealed his form and partly his face . dear monsieur , if you can handle a sword as skillfully as you can a dice box . ” have but little interest for you , accustomed as	70.91687774658203
you are to behold the pleasures and the misfortunes of the wealthy and industrious ; but such as we are , we have experienced bitter sorrows . ” had touched a rib , and glanced along the bone . , m. danglars ; today all preliminaries will be arranged at my father ’ s , and tomorrow , or next day at latest , the wedding festival here at la réserve . later m. morrel appeared and was saluted with an enthusiastic burst of applause from the crew of the _pharaon_ , who hailed the visit of the shipowner as a sure indication that the man whose wedding feast he thus delighted to honor would ere long be first in command of the ship ; and as dantès	90.57721710205078
was universally beloved on board his vessel , the sailors put no restraint on their tumultuous joy at finding that the opinion and choice of their superiors so exactly <unk> with their own . monte cristo , “ i have indeed thought of you , but the magnetic <unk> i was guiding acted , indeed , without my knowledge . ” once rushed at the two youths , leaving the three others to complete the plunder of the dead or wounded travelers ; for on approaching nearer , instead of one extended figure , the young men discovered two . it , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ the story of a tall , fair lady , with blue eyes . ” tell them his name ?	79.69426727294922
. morrel , “ this purse is not yours ! ” julie handed to her father the letter she had received in the morning . he ; “ i have not the strength of mind you have , or rather that which you would not have , if instead of my daughter valentine your daughter madeleine were <unk> ” the doctor turned pale . our epoch the traditions of another reign are troublesome ; since there are two of them already there , let us add a third . ” come from <unk> . ” interrupted the jesuit , on seeing that his <unk> was going astray , “ now your thesis would please the ladies ; it would have the success of one of monsieur <unk> ’	55.65971374511719
s <unk> . ” which i understood , but the king ’ s guards must have noticed it and held themselves on guard . when she motioned to franz to assume the seat of honor . dark could not find the right key . marseilles ; he is now at toulouse . ” i will follow you . ” said , turning towards mercédès , “ this is m. debray , secretary of the minister for the interior , once a friend of mine . ” a furious royalist ; but , in spite of that , and of his being king ’ s attorney , he is a man like ourselves , and i fancy not a bad sort of one . ” ’ artagnan , “	31.484663009643555
there are two of them , then ! ” murderer ! ” is going to land them , ” added franz . keep our name free from dishonor . to him , then ? ” , ’ cried carlini , rising in his turn , and approaching the corpse , his hand on the butt of one of his pistols , ‘ does anyone dispute the possession of this woman with me ? ’ the events we have related had caused deep anxiety , had hesitated about going to madame de morcerf ’ s , when during the morning her carriage happened to meet that of villefort . chapter lxxi . , that of tréville was one of the most sought . he produce ? ” ” replied	42.476417541503906
debray ; “ you can not make me believe that ; on the contrary , you were in excellent spirits when you arrived at the count ’ s . passed the evening with me . ” , don ’ t you ? ” which i can not understand , to procure impossibilities , these are the study of my life . and cloudy . , ” said the governor . whose house monsieur laporte can come and fetch you ? ” , who was waiting for him . adieu ! ” answered dantès , laughingly , “ it didn ’ t take long to fix that . a false opinion of me , ” added he , drawing himself up as if he would challenge both friends and	28.962919235229492
enemies , “ i shall endeavor to correct his mistake . ” be exhausted . ” words passed over their heads , carried by the breeze , until lost in the depths of the horizon . ? ” said monte cristo , feigning uneasiness . ? ” be killed , ” said de guiche . , that we have crossed swords as enemies . and the door open . older than any of us , ” added d ’ artagnan . son as he had done the mother . ” felton , “ that is a _fleur-de-lis_ which i see there . ” ” ” ” said milady , in that harmonious voice which , like that of the ancient <unk> , charmed all whom she wished to	32.15727615356445
destroy . the steward . ? ” said aramis , “ he resembles one of dante ’ s damned , whose neck <unk> has <unk> and who are ever looking at their heels . his arms , and set off briskly in the direction opposite to that which the patrol had taken . formally announced that the queen would receive it . it shall not be signed ? ” , <unk> fellow he is . ” be seen ; trees appeared in the darkness like great black phantoms chasing one another . , never to let them put a crown upon your head unless you have a legal right to the crown . applied , being a friend of porthos , was very ready , not to sell	59.98784637451172
them , as was proposed , but to lend them . he said , “ now , my lad , you may claim your seven hundred livres , but you did not run much risk with such a note as that . ” assassination in the streets of nîmes , i had never entered the town ; the result was that the innkeeper with whom we were connected , seeing that we would no longer come to him , was forced to come to us , and had established a branch to his inn , on the road from bellegarde to beaucaire , at the sign of the pont du gard . poor arm , what difference will that make ? said in a hoarse voice , “	45.7238883972168
give me your word of honor that this horrible secret shall forever remain buried amongst ourselves ! ” the two men drew back . ; she came three times , whilst i was a child , to my nurse ’ s house ; i remember the last time she came as well as if it were to-day . ” an ordinary one . ” not having thus employed the hours he had passed in vain hopes , prayer , and despondency . noirtier eagerly . lord all the happiness i ever knew . said athos . resembles that of the accusation . ” who opens the dead body , and <unk> from the entrails and stomach a quantity of arsenic in a spoon . be signed ! ”	65.95829010009766
cried morrel . the purpose of robbery , and as he had only a few louis about him , he doubted not he would be ransomed . villefort , fixing an imperious glance on the child , “ go and play in the drawing-room , my dear ; i wish to speak to your mamma . ” of voice and motion , is accustomed to convey his meaning by closing his eyes when he wishes to signify ‘ yes , ’ and to <unk> when he means ‘ no. ’ you now know quite enough to enable you to converse with m. noirtier ; <unk> . ” and continued to descend , while the stranger and cocles continued to mount the staircase . his feet , a door	54.7264404296875
opened , perfumes surrounded him , and a brilliant light dazzled his eyes . , ran to valentine , and took her in his arms . , ” returned morcerf ; “ you have described him feature for feature . ? ” no power ; she will be compelled to submit . unhappy mistake chance for providence . the death-bed of my mother , and certainly i have not been less happy on that account . ” officers , who are daily , under one frivolous pretext or other , getting up quarrels with the royalists ; from hence arise continual and fatal duels among the higher classes of persons , and <unk> in the lower . ” told him , resolved to die of hunger . and	70.48091888427734
entered . said , ‘ i am very straightforward in my <unk> your choice . ’ a yard broad ; in short , it seems to me that nature herself wears a holiday garb , and that the trees , instead of leaves and flowers , are covered with red and green ribbons as on gala days . ” murmured he , between his teeth . d ’ artagnan , “ i commit the corpse of this poor devil to your care . the more precious from being all that is left to me . milady , “ i believe so ; the queen is so good ! ” and notwithstanding his suspicions , as the wound might be serious , he immediately sent off a mounted man	70.84495544433594
to find a physician . done with him ? ” m. de villefort , who is apparently as anxious to get mademoiselle valentine married as m. danglars is to see mademoiselle eugénie settled . must have held her breath , or moved in some slight degree , for the woman , disturbed , stopped and leaned over the bed , in order the better to ascertain whether valentine slept : it was madame de villefort . winter , who in this trying emergency felt all his strength and energy fire up , “ we are ready . ” clock has just struck , m. bertuccio , ” said the count severely ; “ i ordered dinner at that hour , and i do not like to wait ;	61.52724838256836
” and he returned to his guests , while bertuccio , leaning against the wall , succeeded in reaching the dining-room . ” said athos , “ that you have a large number of the nobles with you ? ” came , dantès ’ agony really began . the jailer , retreating and putting himself on the defensive ; “ you are certainly going mad . throughout the house . hat , sire , that he may not discover the substitution . ” ” replied the count . milady ; “ let us not , even here , speak thus of him . too weak at present , and that her only desire was to be left alone . have drowned monsieur mordaunt . ” handful of men	41.167179107666016
with him , and armies will be despatched against him . ” my brave lieutenant , let us leave milady to find out something else , and go to supper ; but be easy ! deadened , however , by good shutters , the songs of the <unk> , enjoying themselves in the cabarets scattered along the plain . , to discharge this duty , and to express to you my overwhelming gratitude . ” with me ? ” on the part of the government to make friends everywhere . making his toilet . the sentinel , pointing over his shoulder to a spacious crypt , hollowed out of the rock , the lights from which shone into the passage through the large arched openings . she ,	63.118553161621094
“ you see he refuses ? ” , madame , and fulfill the orders i have received . ” the duke , “ i will thank you later ; now we have not a moment to lose . ” said la ramee , leaning back in his armchair and raising his glass of <unk> to his lips , and winking his eye that he might see the sun through the rich liquid that he was about to taste . contemplating the enormous magnitude of his debt before the phantom of bankruptcy , and follow the baroness , who after being momentarily crushed under the weight of the blow which had struck her , had gone to seek her usual adviser , lucien debray . was forever in his	52.290042877197266
hand , which procured him some severe <unk> from d ’ artagnan , who feared that his excess of politeness would lead people to think he was the lackey of a man of no consequence . we <unk> <unk> , ” said athos , quietly , drawing four pistoles from his pocket and throwing them upon the table . perhaps , ” said the comte de salvieux , one of m. de saint-méran ’ s oldest friends , and chamberlain to the comte d ’ <unk> , “ that the holy alliance purpose removing him from thence ? ” , and after five minutes ’ discussion a manœuvre was executed which caused the vessel to tack about , they returned the way they had come , and in	51.0770263671875
a few minutes the fire disappeared , hidden by an elevation of the land . sir , ” he interposed , “ that the two <unk> ” ” said he . one i believe , since here we are ! ” ; but she stood in need of a little silence and quiet to give all her ideas , as yet confused , a distinct form and a regular plan . it is a dream ; a retired baker , my poor benedetto , is <unk> has an annuity . ” the closet , monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” asked the cardinal . been presented to madame de saint-méran , who had left her bed to receive him , but had been obliged to return to it	36.49039077758789
immediately after . ? damp , nay , even horrible spot , more especially when we consider the agonizing conferences which have taken place between those iron bars . s of no consequence just now , ” said mme . references to project gutenberg : ” said milady ; “ the letter is precise . me the friendly affection of a brother . stable ; he found the five horses saddled , his own amongst the rest . . ” of this man , his white hair and thick gray moustaches , caused him to be easily recognized by baptistin , who had received an exact description of the expected visitor , and who was awaiting him in the hall . des <unk> , close to la force	58.52688217163086
. ” returned julie . surprise at the sight of his son , of whose arrival he was ignorant . a bright yellow streak crossed the sky , and seemed to divide in half the poplars , which stood out in black relief on the horizon . the problem . she . in a very low tone , madame de saint-méran arose from her pillow . , i beseech your indulgence for him . ” joy , and he rubbed his hands with delight at the idea of a plan so simple , yet apparently so certain to succeed . is something <unk> which you are going to say . lately ? ” asked madame de villefort , eluding her husband ’ s question . produce an effect	40.887359619140625
on morrel , he was not <unk> started as if he had been electrified . live honored and pure ; you shall live to triumph over your enemies . ” my friend , ” replied the abbé ; “ god may seem sometimes to forget for a time , while his justice reposes , but there always comes a moment when he <unk> <unk> proof ! ” can write as much as you like ; you may become equal to monsieur de voiture and monsieur de benserade . cocles . artagnan had made three terrible thrusts at mordaunt , all of which touched , but only pricked him . post , beginning to be rather uneasy at this silence and this solitude . ? ” had preferred avoiding	70.79659271240234
any touch on this painful chord , and faria had been equally silent . no intelligence of her . heaven , madame , ” said villefort , “ where is the doctor ? calmly scrutinized the various countenances around them , as though demanding some one person who would take upon himself the responsibility of what they deemed excessive impertinence ; but as no one responded to the challenge , the friends turned again to the front of the theatre , and affected to busy themselves with the stage . . opinion , ” said the gentleman ; “ nothing induces serious duels so much as a duel <unk> . ” but he will read a petition countersigned and presented by me . ” cried d ’ artagnan	68.00460052490234
, “ another twenty pistoles lost . , young man , that you are inexperienced . better do . ’ ” with this affair . noirtier ’ s eyes met those of the abbé , and no doubt he read some particular expression in them , for he remained in the room . to nine , ” said he . eyes when his predominating idea presented itself , and whispered in his ear that he had slept too long . . they will fight , none the less , if only to mask the conferences . ” albert had not come back . time to work on my own account . heard faint moans , and imagining that the unfortunate jeweller might not be quite dead , i	63.82884216308594
determined to go to his relief , by way of <unk> in some slight degree , not for the crime i had committed , but for that which i had not endeavored to prevent . known of them , as soon as he assumed the uniform of the company , was as sure of his aid and support as if he had been his own brother . ’ t you speak ? ” athos to know if he ought to reply to this intruder who thus mixed <unk> in their conversation . said he . baron , load your pistols , and give some corn to the horses , for i will answer for it , something <unk> will happen ere to-morrow . ” come <unk> ” s	53.231971740722656
doubted that a duel would ensue from it . , and fatigue are nothing compared with the reputation and interests of a whole family ; probabilities will not suffice , only facts will justify a deadly combat with a friend . ” said the englishman , and he laughed too ; but he laughed as the english do , “ at the end of his teeth . ” ” said porthos , “ what then ? ” arrived at chantilly , which they reached about eight o ’ clock in the morning . minute directions as to their route . : the ball of madame the constable ; the night at the louvre ; the evening at amiens ; the arrest of montague ; the letter of madame	56.765811920166016
de chevreuse . ” lost nothing , perceived a faintly sly smile pass over the lips of the young gascon as he replied , “ we had a short discussion upon dress . ” , to say nothing of our own , is perhaps in that very despatch . ” ” continued the count , “ that he followed and watched you the whole time , and when he saw you leave the house , ran to the angle of the wall to conceal himself . ” english <unk> who consume a large fortune in travelling . if there were anything to inherit from him , they may do so with easy conscience . route . to meet me that she leaped from that pile of wood .	54.67094039916992
” , instead of taking up this defence , shed my last drop of blood to prove to my noble colleagues that i am their equal in worth . ” of man is very great , ” said villefort , “ since it surpasses the goodness of god . said , after a moment , “ they tell me great things of you . chance , be betrayed by gentlemen ; but it is almost always sold by lackeys . ” with the officers of the guard , with the other prisoners , or with me . ” minutes felton came . was not right in the character of a creditor . ” , and resolved to thrash planchet provisionally ; which he did with the <unk> that	52.87895584106445
d ’ artagnan carried into everything . doubted it ; now i am convinced . standing and motionless , followed him with their eyes without speaking a single word until he had disappeared . little recovered from his first surprise , had now leisure to study costumes and physiognomy . still she <unk> news of edmond , no news of fernand , no companionship save that of an old man who was dying with despair . mind ; and yet we become accustomed to them , her voice is so beautiful . ” d ’ artagnan ; “ we have not a minute to lose . ” he saw not the wherewithal to dine . exhausted . , he was in such trouble that i doubt if he	60.77118682861328
can have retained a very clear recollection of me . ” . ” replied dantès , with a smile which but ill-concealed his trouble , “ that if i were not a <unk> ” what devil of an insect stung me and made me ambitious . in the midst of the most profound silence ; the jury took their seats ; m. de villefort , the object of unusual attention , and we had almost said of general admiration , sat in the armchair and cast a tranquil glance around him . franz , “ this time , m. albert , i am bound to give you credit for having hit upon a most capital idea . ” queen ’ s hand ? ” said m. de tréville	41.841346740722656
, looking earnestly at d ’ artagnan . signor pastrini , hurt at albert ’ s repeated doubts of the truth of his assertions , “ i do not say this to you , but to your companion , who knows rome , and knows , too , that these things are not to be laughed at . ” do things in a hurry . continued the jeweller ; ‘ but someone else will not be so easy as i am , or content himself with the same story . . ” you ? ” ! ” the clerk seized his pen , and peppino his beads ; one was writing and the other praying when the door opened . know you . ” the chamber , and	32.89529800415039
crouching against the door , he found the poor girl , all in a tremble . ” said porthos , drawing himself up proudly ; “ how so ? ” who had left the room after delivering the letter . to wound him . so . alone that makes me thus in haste ; i must go to paris . ” i send a ball into the moat ; a man is there who <unk> it up ; the ball contains a letter . already traveled eleven leagues , d ’ artagnan thought it time to stop , whether porthos were or were not in the inn . my mistress will never love you . ” business ! ” murmured d ’ artagnan <unk> his note . you	45.197242736816406
, accordingly , that i have pitched upon to conduct the king and the queen to saint germain . ” asked beauchamp . them . satan . ” to exact concessions rather than to make them ) kept him <unk> from all friendships . ? ” ” said porthos , “ if he owed you more than five crowns , your horsedealer is a thief . ” ’ s paleness , which had for some time been increasing , became alarming ; he could not speak ; he looked at his watch like a man who has forgotten the hour , said a few hurried words to madame herbault , and pressing the hands of emmanuel and maximilian , — “ madame , ” said he , “	49.69255828857422
i trust you will allow me to visit you occasionally ; i value your friendship , and feel grateful to you for your welcome , for this is the first time for many years that i have thus yielded to my feelings ; ” and he hastily quitted the apartment . wish me to send to you ? ” day in his quarters , assigning as a reason to himself that the weather was bad . the invalid , his eye beaming with delight at the ready <unk> of his meaning . <unk> doublet and <unk> breeches . ” raoul , at the hotel of the bell and bottle , the best at compiegne ; and had started again on his journey , saying that he should sleep	61.40022659301758
at noyon . ? ” will pity me who has for twenty years alone borne the heavy burden of grief i am about to reveal , without casting the least portion upon you . ” other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg™ works . you like , i have no preference . ” lion , plunged on the dismounted cavalier , who tried to draw his sword ; but before it was out of the scabbard , porthos , with the hilt of his had struck him such a terrible blow on the head that he fell like an ox beneath the butcher ’ s knife . ? ” a loaf ? ” she had wished to speak , but she had remained silent	45.47165298461914
through fear of losing one of her companion ’ s words . young man , who gazed long and mournfully at her he loved . father , the brave father , the very honest father ! ” said caderousse , twirling a plate in the air between his two hands . bonacieux , recalling all his remembrances of the circumstances , “ yes , that ’ s it . madame ? ” means of kingly vengeance , and a low-born fellow such as he is would not have recourse to them . to <unk> this breach of the rules of etiquette , when he felt the hand of athos , who had rallied all his energies to contend against pain , at length overcome by it , fell	57.57833480834961
upon the floor as if he were dead . , my god ! ” cried anne of austria , “ this is more than i can bear . me ; say frankly , what do you think of this business ? ” true ! ” ejaculated caderousse , almost suffocated by the contending passions which assailed him , “ the poor old man did die . ” ” said d ’ artagnan , holding out his hand to receive the money . eighty . give way to her transports without being observed . ? ” said beauchamp ; “ and by what ? ” by that affair in spain ? ” ’ artagnan ’ s rapidity in action and that he is not the man to lose an	28.5927791595459
hour , knowing that we were expecting him . ” sight of the little inn and could see on the opposite side the procession bearing the wounded man and guided by monsieur d ’ arminges . paris . bernajoux was known to all the world , d ’ artagnan alone <unk> , perhaps ; for it was one of those which figured most frequently in the daily brawls which all the edicts of the cardinal could not repress . though , ” resumed de bragelonne . the head . mazarin , “ i join with you in supplicating the queen to put an end to the miseries of her subjects . ; cromwell has time for everything ; and believe me , dear friend , we ought not	50.36201095581055
to lose our <unk> is precious . i wish more , ” replied mazarin . captain , should you have retained him in his employment ? ” ? ” asked m. d ’ avrigny , at the foot of the stairs , it being the hour he usually visited her . were now alone with a man who held by the bridles two horses ; they thought it was mousqueton and went up to him . the young man , who detached himself from the wall like a statue walking from its niche , and at the noise of the steps which she heard resound behind her , mme . black and <unk> head of caderousse appeared at the door . carriage with two horses , and some	45.205101013183594
<unk> . broussel , “ i am in bad health and can not give myself up a prisoner in this state ; i must have time . ” am twenty-three years of age ; but your eminence is mistaken in saying that i am young . was my mother . ” party , m. de morcerf ? ” style . at the place of sojourn of the future abbé ; the defiles of the chamber of aramis were as well guarded as the gardens of <unk> . edmond esteemed most faithful and devoted to him . ” occupied , his business makes him reflective , and he might , without intending it—— ” ” said d ’ artagnan , taking the document and bowing , “ this is	49.95539093017578
a noble reward ; but everything in the world is <unk> , and the man who happened to fall into disgrace with your majesty might lose this office to-morrow . ” we breakfasted with him ; we rode in his carriage all day , and now we have taken possession of his box . ” he , “ although a companion is agreeable , perfect freedom is sometimes still more agreeable . should arrive today at ten o ’ clock ; he was waiting for me at nine at the barrière de fontainebleau . said , “ get up and don ’ t make the least noise . ” those women , egyptian , turkish , or greek , whom here you call ‘ good women , ’	55.531776428222656
who do not know how , by means of chemistry , to <unk> a doctor , and in <unk> to <unk> a confessor . ” alone . du gard , the horse stopped , but whether for his own pleasure or that of his rider would have been difficult to say . , my dear mousqueton ? ” he said . the city . , then ? ” he asked himself , trembling more than the <unk> cloth he was holding back . at hearing these words . picturesque <unk> you know the catacombs of st. sebastian ? ” with a sigh , and went to his own apartments . found he was bidding a hundred pistoles for a chestnut nag . cried athos , “ my son	34.91969680786133
, i entreat you ; the wretch is dying , and it is horrible to let a man die without extending a hand to save him . athos to the commissary , “ if you have no more need of me , send me somewhere . his brow , drew several sighs from him , and caused him to <unk> to himself a few vows of vengeance . certainly ; but cavalcanti is an original who does nothing like other people . had been written with the left hand ; and i have noticed that—— ” eugénie with her usual candor . him in which there would be at the same time glory to be acquired , and money to be gained ; and as a far higher	64.98423767089844
encouragement , it brought him into close intimacy with a woman he adored . calling out his guard , the swiss troops and the musketeers , and he had planted them round the palais royal , on the quays , and on the pont neuf . me , and something tells me there , ” placing his hand on his heart , “ that i ought to have no secret from you . ” mute as ever , drew from the pie the other poniard , the rope ladder and the gag . to himself , nevertheless , porthos stretched out his hand , and the four friends repeated with one voice the formula dictated by d ’ artagnan : ; he bowed and went out . had	60.1279411315918
<unk> , humble as he <unk> enemy of the cardinal ; that is to say , of a man before whom trembled the greatest men of the kingdom , beginning with the king . the contents of the letter from the island of elba , in which he was recommended to the club as a man who would be likely to advance the interests of their party . . person may be , why , you see we leave off after a time seeing persons who are in sorrow , they make one melancholy ; and so at last old dantès was left all to himself , and i only saw from time to time strangers go up to him and come down again with some bundle they	61.7459716796875
tried to hide ; but i guessed what these <unk> were , and that he sold by degrees what he had to pay for his <unk> . aramis , “ and the sloop out there making ready to sail must be that which is to take us to our destination ; now , ” continued he , “ if only de winter does not keep us waiting . letter , when his wife entered . said morrel ; “ well , then , i appeal to m. d ’ avrigny himself . porthos , “ if he was not crushed <unk> ” the duke , too much astonished to believe it true . “ _a propos_ , sire , do not forget to tell her majesty the evening	49.854007720947266
before the fête that you should like to see how her diamond studs become her . ” procession ; only , behind the guards the barricades were closed again . love nothing else in me ? ” asked d ’ artagnan . keep it . ” opposition , and had no occasion to turn around to see whether the three others were following him . girl , count . ” nor did he attempt to check the tears which flowed down the cheeks of mercédès , although for each of these tears he would have shed his heart ’ s blood ; but these tears flowed for another . then . ” was proper to follow this example . : he was recommended to me by a good	50.503883361816406
abbé , who may be deceived . comes to my side , ” asked porthos , “ must i kill him ? ” on the pretext of business , he questioned the father and son upon their mode of living ; and the father and son , previously informed that it was through danglars the one was to receive his 48,000 francs and the other 50,000 livres <unk> , were so full of <unk> that they would have shaken hands even with the banker ’ s servants , so much did their gratitude need an object to expend itself upon . , and they set off at a rapid pace . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ write this for us in those neat little characters in	63.40996551513672
which you wrote to marie michon that the mother of this gentleman intended to assassinate the duke of buckingham . ” brother . by monsieur voiture that monsieur l ’ abbé is repeating to me. ” said athos in a loud voice , “ and i confess i think it incomparable . ” returning to paris , why this fugitive rendezvous , why this simple exchange of a glance , why this lost kiss ? everything is decided , ” cried porthos , rubbing his hands , “ suppose we think of dinner ! daughter to the baron franz d ’ épinay , because i consider it would be a proper and <unk> match for her to make , and , in short , because i choose to	57.64726257324219
bestow my daughter ’ s hand on <unk> i please . ” not prevent your sitting down to table , ” replied beauchamp , “ château-renaud can tell us while we eat our breakfast . ” ” ” , my brave felton ; don ’ t you see what i told you ? ? ” were you innocent , were you a martyr , ” replied felton , “ the greater would be the necessity for prayer ; and i myself would aid you with my prayers . ” , ” said he . left you , and has he not himself asked you to prepare for this visit ? ” spot , pressing with his left hand something he had concealed under his coat . out of	32.880653381347656
<unk> or stupid . found an <unk> scaffold , over which they were nailing a covering of black <unk> . , going to the tennis court , found two <unk> of trees about the size of his little finger planted by the roadside ; he asked what they were for and was told that they were to shade him from the sun on some future day . insupportable to her that at the risk of whatever terrible consequences might result to herself from it , she implored the captain to put her on shore ; but the captain , eager to escape from his false <unk> between french and english cruisers , like the <unk> between the <unk> and the <unk> in great haste to regain england ,	95.22944641113281
and positively refused to obey what he took for a woman ’ s caprice , promising his passenger , who had been particularly recommended to him by the cardinal , to land her , if the sea and the french permitted him , at one of the ports of brittany , either at lorient or brest . , and you will not , quit this place , it becomes necessary to fill up the excavation beneath the soldier ’ s gallery ; he might , by chance , hear the hollow sound of his footsteps , and call the attention of his officer to the circumstance . strange , since the least contradiction keeps him awake all night . ” , ” said the other bearer , “	77.94696044921875
or i shall never find what i am looking for . ” to the point . he , “ the sacrifice is consummated ! air will suit us much better just now than the air of paris . ” said eugénie . that door , ” he said , “ which leads into the next house , which i have rented . ” need this annoy you ? ” , my poor monsieur mouston , are out of place in this poor hotel , are you not ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , in that <unk> tone which may indicate either compassion or <unk> . the count of monte cristo , hearing of the dilemma in which you are placed , has sent to offer you seats	42.238277435302734
in his carriage and two places at his windows in the palazzo <unk> ” the friends looked at each other with unutterable surprise . , by all the gods , that she did not know aramis ; and a quarter of an hour after having made this assertion , he found her hanging on the arm of aramis . recognized the gentleman , around whom the three other frenchmen were standing , pale and menacing . ” prepared , ” he said , smiling , “ you will not , my friend , be sorry to have the mystery which so puzzles you cleared up . ” , had just left a bonapartist club when he disappeared . d ’ artagnan , with the most sentimental air he	40.374698638916016
could assume , “ can you be cruel enough to put such a question to <unk> me , who , from the moment i saw you , have only breathed and sighed through you and for you ? ” . quite my friends , and i am sorry you are not so ; but i know you are brave and loyal gentlemen , and that confidence may be placed in you . beauchamp , taking both his hands , “ take courage , my friend . ” sir , and god keep you ! ” the count , “ i only know two things which destroy the appetite , <unk> as i am happy to see you very cheerful , it is not that—and love . the demands	42.433956146240234
of the rebels and to the tone in which they stated them ? true , one lives <unk> ” not dare to speak aloud , <unk> you are afraid ? ” ? ” long ago , ” answered porthos . are going all right . ” mousqueton . . artagnan . the king , “ is the messenger ’ s name m. de villefort ? ” named , ” whispered the inspector in his turn . a horsedealer ; he owes money to the office , and is backward in his pay . replied the count , ‘ are we not in carnival time ? ’ suffering under severe illness , made his reappearance in the character of <unk> , and , as usual , the announcement of	46.417842864990234
the most admired production of the favorite composer of the day had attracted a brilliant and fashionable audience . the chair , and was writing at the table . ” a turn in the garden to recover myself . ” athos , “ we foresaw this ; and if lord winter ’ s men but do their duty , we are saved , instead of lost . ” , ’ replied the jeweller , and he <unk> the stone . there will be in my courtyard this evening a good travelling britzka , with four post-horses , in which one may rest as in a bed . young man at <unk> that he at all mistrusted him , but for the sake of having someone to whom he	53.250579833984375
could constantly talk of the queen . ” replied madame de villefort , somewhat uneasily , “ i remember now . ” you say to that ? ” fate of cardinals caprara clothes , and wore at his button-hole the ribbons of the different orders to which he belonged . that is the very thing that makes you so bold , and which renders me at once so happy and unhappy , that i frequently ask myself whether it is better for me to endure the harshness of my stepmother , and her blind preference for her own child , or to be , as i now am , insensible to any pleasure save such as i find in these meetings , so fraught with danger to both	64.88265228271484
. ” full project gutenberg license please read this before you distribute or use this work i count on you . ” with the hostess he said : “ now , pretty madeleine , you know the difference between a swiss and a gentleman . of his subordinates , and amongst them dantès ’ jailer . he could not stop . his senses . , more , a slight color seemed striving to rise in his pale cheeks . beauchamp , i wish to return to human and material existence , and if you are still the friend you profess to be , help me to discover the hand that struck the blow . ” the jailer , “ are you more reasonable today ? ” dantès made	53.85271453857422
no reply . government , and i ought not to waste it ; but , having received the signal that i might rest for an hour ” ( here he glanced at the sun-dial , for there was everything in the enclosure of montlhéry , even a sun-dial ) , “ and having ten minutes before me , and my strawberries being ripe , when a day <unk> , sir , do you think dormice eat them ? ” my lord duke , ” answered the officer ; “ i don ’ t know any pleasanter sight on earth than a well covered table ; and when , added to that , he who does the honors is the grandson of henry iv. , you will , my	69.9174575805664
lord duke , easily comprehend that the honor fairly doubles the pleasure one enjoys . ” evidence of a violent and desperate struggle . constance . in that parisian society which gives such ready access to foreigners , and treats them , not as they really are , but as they wish to be considered . a quadrille , but there was one lady wanting . ? ” ’ t know ; he had enough , and set off without waiting for the rest . you , ‘ i love you as a brother ; but do not ask from me more than <unk> affection , for my heart is another ’ s. ’ is not this true , fernand ? ” at the door . she calculated	66.23150634765625
that the repose of a few hours would not only refresh her head and her ideas , but still further , her complexion . whom they then perceived through the open doorway , formed with eugénie one of the <unk> <unk> of which the germans are so fond . you had by the marchesa corsinari , and who was taken from you at five years of age . ” said the abbé , folding his arms . smiling , half blushing . the abbé . , sir , ” said louvieres ; “ and we shall see then who can speak the loudest . ” last word , d ’ artagnan had dragged porthos into the gallery . ” , my dear fellow , the sort of man	39.72287368774414
he is . ! and his god . ” costume of cucumetto . always been so thoroughly his friend , had always been so devoted to the king and queen , and hated the cardinal so cordially , that the young man resolved to tell him everything . , as etiquette required , she had now but a single arm on which she could lean . , is far away ? ” started up , imagining that a man was approaching his bed for the purpose of <unk> him . a corner of the room , where he himself would be in deep shadow , while the light would be fully thrown on the narrator ; then , with head bent down and hands clasped , or rather	50.96922302246094
clenched together , he prepared to give his whole attention to caderousse , who seated himself on the little stool , exactly opposite to him . light the lamp , ’ said la carconte ; ‘ it is growing dark , and there may be some <unk> ’ in fact , night had come on during this conversation , and with night the storm which had been threatening for the last half-hour . 46 . any one . ” opened , and the concierge appeared . to allow him to part thus ; she made him a sign to dismount and come to her . grimaud . ” ? ” they asked . with them . is yours . very charitable man . know us ; when we	51.9254035949707
can ’ t have one thing we invent another . ” ” said d ’ artagnan . surrounded by the more prominent chiefs . else , ” continued d ’ artagnan , turning his back . said , it was at least a league from the château d ’ if to this island . indeed ; we should be hard to please if we were not . held the <unk> of their carbines against my breast . ! the introduction , in which the speaker announced that his communication would be of that vital importance that it demanded the <unk> attention of the house ; but at the mention of yanina and colonel fernand , he turned so frightfully pale that every member shuddered and fixed his eyes	55.87209701538086
upon him . ? , that it will turn out an unlucky job for both of us . ” to do ? ” asked aramis . her <unk> did not doubt that a single instant ; but how long might this exile last ? ” said harrison , laughing , “ did this serious calamity of going without breakfast happen to you ? ” demonstration for the princes , but they had risen for broussel ; they were taking the part of a plebeian and in defending broussel they instinctively felt they were defending themselves . , skillfully executed it with the rapidity of lightning , and struck the blow with a force which he fancied would prove irresistible . and said in a low voice , with	65.63945007324219
an expression almost humble : or madame de villefort who is ill. as for you , although we doctors can not divest our patients of nerves , i fancy you have no further need of me than to recommend you not to allow your imagination to take too wide a field . ” ’ s sake ! ” ” said the young girl , “ do you understand now , and is your conscience perfectly at rest on the subject ? ” child , suffer poverty and hunger ? man , my dear fellow ; he was an annoyance to the cardinal . , as he gazed at monte cristo dilated horribly . said m. d ’ avrigny . ” said monte cristo . there ! ? athos	45.388771057128906
, “ that we can not even recognize one another and have therefore no fear of others recognizing us , let us go and see the king ’ s entrance . ” written , if disguised . ” replied haydée , ‘ the count of monte cristo , my <unk> , has been in normandy the last three days . ’ of the door the prisoner stopped . said porthos ; “ i think she wants to ride on horseback . ” the stranger , doubtless to dispel the slight cloud that covered morcerf ’ s brow , “ we do not act thus in italy ; we grow according to our race and our species , and we pursue the same lines , and often the same	44.0181770324707
<unk> , all our lives . ” and , raising it to his purple lips , took about half of the liquid offered him . i admire you , but nevertheless we were in the wrong , after all . ” my dear count , i feel that you are right . ” they were uttered in the romaic dialect . that i crushed for him a parliament councillor . ” pistoles , that my farmer sent to me the day before i left bragelonne ; but out of that sum i ought to leave fifty for <unk> young man must live <unk> . , that you are thus harsh and cruel with me , because you are expecting someone who is thus attired ; but perhaps he	63.37973403930664
whom you await is inconstant , or if he is not , the sea is so to him . ” large for him to enter , but by waiting , he could still cling to hope , and retard the certainty of deception . whom your majesty interrogates , ” replied the coadjutor in the same calm manner , “ i reply that i hold monsieur le marechal ’ s opinion in every respect . ” , to divine all , to anticipate all . expression , and with the step of a <unk> he advanced toward the hedge ; but he had not been able to catch more than a few vague <unk> without any positive sense , when a sonorous and short cry made him start	66.8807601928711
, and attracted the attention of the musketeers . m. bertuccio , ” said the count , “ since you have been in paris , you have become quite nervous , and apparently out of your element ; you no longer seem to understand me . ” appeared to him so beautiful , amid balls , <unk> , or <unk> , as she appeared to him at this moment , dressed in a simple robe of white satin , and accompanied by <unk> <unk> only one of her spanish women who had not been driven from her by the jealousy of the king or by the persecutions of richelieu . stopped at the first floor . whose ideas had taken quite another course , forgot himself like a	40.55054473876953
fool , and answered gallantly that it was too late to think about duels and sword thrusts . ” mild light which silvered the foliage of two or three <unk> trees which formed a group outside the park . athos , “ is she not ? ” have a new love . ” humiliating me by prancing along by my side on that magnificent charger . de beaufort . ” from the port of genoa , under the inspection of an immense crowd drawn together by curiosity to see the rich spanish nobleman who preferred managing his own yacht . . ” , don ’ t you ? thing very difficult . ” folly ! —to carry generosity so far as to put myself up as a mark	90.82144165039062
for that young man to aim at . , of that you may be satisfied . ” good fellow , whether there are not many persons of our acquaintance who assume the names of lands and <unk> they never in their lives were masters of ? ” , ” replied the servant , “ m . no difficulty in that . cried porthos , “ they have not even pursued us . not to do any harm to the sentry , except as a last resort ? ” behind her , for on the crest of a small adjacent hill which cut off the view toward palestrina , he saw a traveller on horseback , stopping a moment , as if uncertain of his road , and thus	58.176658630371094
presenting against the blue sky that perfect outline which is peculiar to distant objects in southern climes . but the count exercised over him also the <unk> a strong mind always <unk> over a mind less domineering . say nothing , ” returned d ’ artagnan , who knew the vanity of the new baron . for the impoverished state of the habitation <unk> charity had conceded to an unfortunate queen to pass <unk> by athos , aramis , and even the englishman . them ; they did not come . ” i say ; i want to be convinced . means of satisfying himself whither mme . to be free . ” you ask , sir , ” said eugénie , making a sign that her father	73.90406036376953
might be seated , “ and in fact your two questions suggest fully the theme of our conversation . anything , mr. procureur ? ” asked benedetto , with his most ingratiating smile . extinct in the body of his friend , then , taking up the knife , he with difficulty forced open the closely fixed jaws , carefully administered the appointed number of drops , and anxiously awaited the result . the door . made a _sortie_ during the night , and had retaken a bastion of which the royal army had gained possession two days before . i call love ! ” said caderousse with a voice more <unk> than ever . there was an airhole in the cellar and the wine was in bottles	80.7782974243164
. ; the abbé rose and paced up and down pensively , and then resumed his seat . leaving the cabaret they took different directions , my brother went and hid himself on the road of the catholic , and i on that of the huguenot . on the young girl with an expression which proved how little he understood such ferocious honor . monsieur . ” as i now press your hand , i shall kill him before ten o ’ clock tomorrow morning. ” morrel , in his turn , took monte cristo ’ s hand in both of his , and he shuddered to feel how cold and steady it was . will excuse the two or three seconds i am behindhand ; five hundred	60.116329193115234
leagues are not to be accomplished without some trouble , and especially in france , where , it seems , it is forbidden to beat the postilions . ” of <unk> to a conservatory . <unk> ’ ll get there . ” expected . same grave and measured step he would have employed in entering a court of justice . , which i know you so much disliked , is done away with , i come to you on an errand which neither m. de villefort nor valentine could <unk> undertake . ” rochefort . valentine , with her adorable smile , “ awake , and look at me ! ” morrel uttered a loud exclamation , and frantic , doubtful , dazzled , as though by a	62.96626663208008
celestial vision , he fell upon his knees . ” brought back the set of ornaments to the great queen , who was able to wear them on her shoulder on the appointed day ; and this very nearly ruined the minister . these might involve him with the authorities of the country in which he practices this kind of <unk> , ” said franz . leaned her beautiful hand upon a <unk> , which hand appeared then like one of wax , and looking at the king with terror in her eyes , she was unable to reply by a single syllable . who had vowed to rescue two men from infamy , and his choice fell on you and your companion . demon sent upon the	68.8352279663086
earth ! ” said athos . being warmed ; come . ” <unk> thing i have ever met with in the course of my extensive foreign transactions , and you may readily suppose it has greatly roused my curiosity . raoul saw three horses . ” frozen silence between these two . said monte cristo ; “ tell me , is not her father baron danglars ? ” d ’ artagnan , rising and brushing his knees ; “ now i have <unk> art a frondeur and the lover of madame de longueville . ” ” returned monte cristo “ upon the simple condition that they should respect myself and my friends . to date contact information can be found at the foundation ’ s website and official	55.2186393737793
page at www.gutenberg.org/contact break of day , they were still three or four leagues from the coast of england . at his boots , all covered with mud ; but that same glance fell upon the shoes and stockings of the mercer , and it might have been said they had been dipped in the same mud heap . a truce the english army has broken it by quitting the town , contrary to the agreement which kept it there . countess , the proud mercédès , the disdainful catalane , who will scarcely open her lips to her oldest acquaintances , take your arm , lead you into the garden , into the private walks , and remain there for half an hour ? ” excellent disposition	92.92060852050781
to die heroically . mount the scaffold of my brother , louis <unk> , than thus descend the staircase at the tuileries driven away by ridicule . of the phlegmatic englishman . villefort , “ there are the <unk> of 1814 , and we can not <unk> napoleon without breaking those <unk> . ” heart ! ” said the king , “ i should not have been rescued . one thing to do , which is , to send our names to her majesty the queen of england , and if she engages to answer for us i presume we shall be allowed to enter . ” ; a cabriolet was in waiting at the gate , in which i intended to carry off valentine to my sister	44.68500518798828
’ s house , to marry her , and to wait respectfully m. de villefort ’ s pardon . ” beaufort , he arrived from vendome , according to the <unk> of the day , bringing with him his high bearing and his long and beautiful hair , <unk> which gained him the sovereignty of the <unk> . , and confessions die in my breast . discovered my father . ” <unk> , the <unk> <unk> les <unk> , crossed one another in the air . now dissatisfied is that i have not a clear appreciation of the past . with joy and pride . the left of the road , which the dismal procession pursued , appeared a few low , stunted trees , which looked like	41.591835021972656
<unk> <unk> crouching down to watch men traveling at this sinister hour . , and even his lips a little . , only he has followed your grace from the palais royal , stopped at the louvre to wait for you , and now leaves the louvre with you . ” ” la ramee , shuddering . past all doubt . ” think i have hitherto been deceived in you . nothing ; will you , kitty ? , full of hopes of future favor , he was resolved not to recoil a step . ” me to my death . ” ” 5,000 livres , payable on m. <unk> , banker at nice , and also a letter of introduction to the count of monte cristo ,	45.32410430908203
whom i have directed to supply all your wants . a woman that is worth the trouble of being sought for when she is once lost . is an original , who loves to look at the sky even at night . ” danglars , “ it is the same old story. ” and while he smiled as he attempted to regard the affair as a joke , he felt his temples get moist with perspiration . even turning toward him who made these hypocritical pretensions , crossed the cabinet , opened the door for herself and passing through the midst of the cardinal ’ s numerous guards , courtiers eager to pay homage , the luxurious show of a <unk> royalty , she went and took the	80.13912963867188
hand of de winter , who stood apart in isolation . grasped the gold and bank-notes , and la carconte called up her sweetest smiles while welcoming the reappearance of their guest . do as you will with me ; ” and then she added , in a low voice , “ oh , heavens , what will befall me ? ” , then ? ” ” said the man in the cloak , “ excuse me for saying that you seem to me precisely in the mood to commit some wild or extravagant act . ” perceptible on madame de villefort ’ s countenance . . ? ” ” , you ’ d better take lodging in the rue <unk> at the chat qui <unk> . ”	49.71348571777344
he said , “ did i alarm you much ? ” , duke , to me , for i know now what confidence to place in them . had made to rome , he had solicited and obtained the same favor ; and incited as much by a religious feeling as by gratitude , he was unwilling to quit the capital of the christian world without laying his respectful homage at the feet of one of st. peter ’ s successors who has set the rare example of all the virtues . . ” the duchess , “ upon my word , you frighten me . ” monsieur , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ and whether drawn by myself or another , i assure you i	58.74384689331055
shall always view with regret the blood of so brave a gentleman . hundred paces , the ground began to decline , and he could only see the mast of the sloop . franz , “ i have one request to make . ” us proceed with our history . morrel had told her son everything . she exclaimed ; “ and how is he connected with the question you asked me ? ” le curé , ” said the beggar , “ that you have always been very kind to me , and therefore i , in my turn , will be serviceable to you . ” appeared here and there upon the walls of this modest lodging ; a sword , for example , richly <unk>	39.99321365356445
, which belonged by its make to the times of francis i , the hilt of which alone , encrusted with precious stones , might be worth two hundred pistoles , and which , nevertheless , in his moments of greatest distress athos had never pledged or offered for sale . . clock the <unk> of horses ’ hoofs was heard at the entrance door ; it was our captain of spahis , who had arrived on médéah . said , “ if you wish to go alone , sir , i will go and tell my mistress . ” a man does not arrive at the post i <unk> has not been king ’ s attorney twenty-five years without having amassed a tolerable number of enemies ;	73.24198913574219
mine are numerous . the grief of parting , ” said monte cristo , “ and maximilian has doubtless provided himself with everything requisite ; at least , i advised him to do so . ” the door groaned upon its hinges . steps , and , clasping his hands , exclaimed , with real amazement and sympathy , “ dead ? —and so soon too ! ” ” , my friend , who read them for the first time ; but not for me , who have grown pale over them by many nights ’ study , and have reconstructed every phrase , completed every thought . ” the procureur . strength , she took the head of the young man between her hands , looked at	54.31916427612305
him for an instant as if her whole soul passed into that look , and with a sobbing cry pressed her lips to his . in <unk> . , be not uneasy , and continue to take all the care of him that his situation requires . ” opportunity , the coachman leaped from his box ; but ali had promptly seized the nostrils of the second horse , and held them in his iron grasp , till the beast , <unk> with pain , sunk beside his companion . i will blow out your brains ! ” and reckon them <unk> . do you then still hate those who separated you ? ” d ’ artagnan , at last . the steward , “ what have you	61.045352935791016
to tell me ? ” abundance , and would not let them partake of it ; they adopted as a <unk> they , too , had <unk> it was of very little consequence that women , children , and old men should die , so long as the men who were to defend the walls remained strong and <unk> . , i am now grieved i have kept my word . tell us you have procured a carriage ? ” asked albert , lighting his cigar . , which was divided into three stories . of him who served in the religious wars under the great king henry , the father of his gracious majesty . ” what then ? ” has stood for six years at your	57.896484375
very door a man such as i describe , and during those six years he has been <unk> and <unk> by you . ” ” cried d ’ artagnan , more moved than he had been for a long time , “ don ’ t despair , my friend , if you have not received any letters from the count , we have received one . ” one in the apartment , which consisted of an antechamber and a bedroom . the hands of barrois , who was sent out , the lemonade which m. noirtier had every morning , and he has escaped by a miracle . ? ” inquired aramis ; “ are we going to fight , perchance ? make him write the letter .	30.855302810668945
” other for an instant in a close embrace . that i come to you from the cardinal . ” covered with vessels whose masts , like a forest of poplars despoiled by the winter , bent with each breath of the wind . he has been with me , i have only had to reproach him with one <unk> too severe with the prisoners . ” cardinal as if to interrogate him ; but he had not time to address any question to him—a cry of admiration burst from every mouth . ” said the light-horseman . become so ? ” ; the father will never repay it . your mind to avenge yourself on this man , did it not ? ” cried felton . these	49.12098693847656
words , though evidently irritated and annoyed by the interruption , but , addressing the abbé , said , “ can a man be faithful to another whose wife he <unk> and desires for himself ? surprised at anything that happens ; prepare yourself for every emergency . ” pale that d ’ artagnan could not help perceiving it , and asked him what was the matter . at once protestant and <unk> by conviction and catholic as commander of the order of the holy ghost ; bassompierre , who was a german by birth and a frenchman at <unk> short , bassompierre , who had a distinguished command at the siege of la rochelle , said , in charging at the head of several other protestant nobles	79.94547271728516
like himself , “ you will see , gentlemen , that we shall be fools enough to take la rochelle . ” . your wife ! ” ” said the englishman , bowing . second . ” a severe <unk> course of medicine , at length he sent away all his doctors , declaring that he preferred the disease to the treatment , and came to paris , where the fame of his wit had preceded him . say to these gentlemen , ” added he , “ that i forbid my musketeers to expose their lives needlessly ; for brave men are very dear to the king , and the king knows that his musketeers are the bravest on the earth . order in his hand .	41.76850891113281
secretaire , opened a drawer by a spring , from which he took a paper which had lost its original color , and the ink of which had become of a <unk> <unk> he placed in the hands of mercédès . continued he , “ was he not about my height , perhaps a little taller , with his chin imprisoned , as it were , in a high cravat ; his coat closely buttoned up , and constantly taking out his pencil ? ” you imagine he would speak to me ? a painting by léopold robert or <unk> . ” said caderousse ; “ and how much does he give you monthly ? ” ” cried the two musketeers in a breath . can you find	51.90251541137695
a love like <unk> love which neither time , nor absence , nor despair can extinguish , a love which contents itself with a lost ribbon , a stray look , or a chance word ? a good comrade ? know her ? ” artagnan perceived that the best way in which he could act would be to go home and write milady a long letter , in which he would confess to her that he and de wardes were , up to the present moment absolutely the same , and that consequently he could not undertake , without committing suicide , to kill the comte de wardes . both , ” returned the inspector ; “ i must conscientiously perform my duty . ” for leaving you	78.87664031982422
so abruptly ; but a most ridiculous circumstance has occurred , which is this , <unk> & french , the roman bankers , have sent to me a certain person calling himself the count of monte cristo , and have given him an unlimited credit with me . majesty ’ s guards , monseigneur , and i have no reason to be dissatisfied . ” who will have the honor of <unk> this letter to your majesty , is the friend of my son , who owes to him his life ; he is a gentleman in whom your majesty may confide entirely , in case your majesty may have some verbal or written order to remit to me . contradict them ; besides , i might be	39.636783599853516
deceived . ” a <unk> ” “ oh , no , no ! ” rising and retreating to the very wall . in ten years i shall be old , and you will be still young . ” describe the state of stupor in which villefort left the palais . ” said monte cristo . ” said morcerf , “ we have been acquainted for many years , and consequently we ought to make some allowance for each other ’ s <unk> . be in it ! ” like a plume of feathers from the black chimney . party . lost in a thicket of shrubs , in the midst of its most melodious <unk> had <unk> low and lower into stillness and fallen asleep . the room	35.0445671081543
the general was invited to remove his bandage , he did so immediately , and was surprised to see so many well-known faces in a society of whose existence he had till then been ignorant . quite started from their chairs . he said , “ since , after running after one another so long , chance has at last brought us together , let us have a little conversation , if you please . ” , except that he is tormented with remorse . ” to a distance to discover aramis . . hate the court and have but one desire at this <unk> . argue with you , but i blame you . ” a friend has sent to second me in everything . besieged .	79.61424255371094
” the valet paid him , he saw that his note had produced a good effect . s mansion , they perceived the phaeton and servant of m. andrea cavalcanti . a great man , as he was , but to compensate for that , i shall be a good man , monsieur de rochefort , and i hope to prove it to you . ” of <unk> tongues . cried d ’ artagnan . the dialogue , of which she had not lost a word , she began again , giving to her voice all the charm , all the power , all the seduction the demon had bestowed upon it : d ’ artagnan ’ s . ” replied the count , as , taking out	32.69002914428711
his tablets , he wrote down “ no . a moment , then an expression of sublime resignation appeared in his eyes , and with a slow and sad gesture he took off his two epaulets , the insignia of his rank . which entered by the narrow window of his cell , he held open in his left hand , of which alone , it will be recollected , he retained the use , a sheet of paper , which , from being constantly rolled into a small compass , had the form of a <unk> , and was not easily kept open . the duke endeavored to draw from d ’ artagnan , not all that had happened , but what d ’ artagnan himself knew	51.435585021972656
. he quitted the room , villefort and the doctor entered by an opposite door . of fare chapter 116 . details ? ” were the happiest man alive at this instant . ” , for she is much to be pitied . , but the president bade them be silent . said the gentleman . cardinal was not behind the king in this respect . yes , ” replied the duke . . and the seven lean kine . ” ” that my ancestor , <unk> de la fere , was made a knight of the order of st. michael ; besides which , the king , fifteen years afterward , gave him also this <unk> and a sword which you may have seen formerly in my	50.996463775634766
house , also a lovely specimen of workmanship . window curtains when he sprang out of bed and opened the windows . that two sentiments so opposite could dwell in the same heart , and by their union constitute a passion so strange , and as it were , diabolical . has been for three days at the rue cassette . ” to your beautiful duchess ; i will detain you no longer . ” the cardinal , sighing , “ i believed myself secure from such a suspicion . ” a christian , ” cried dantès , guessing instinctively that this man meant to abandon him . indifferent , had not lost one word of this conversation , and his penetrating eye had even read a hidden	62.88431930541992
secret in the embarrassed manner of the secretary . , ” replied the duchess . and you have it . that house ? ” cried he briskly . two steps , was engaged with the foe , whom , according to custom , he attacked <unk> , but he met this time with a skill and a strength of arm that gave him pause . thy daughter , ’ said the bandit ; ‘ i loved her , therefore i slew her ; for she would have served as the sport of the whole <unk> ’ the old man spoke not , and grew pale as death . i will wait to pay you my next visit till you are in a better humor . ’ the abbé	52.46186828613281
suddenly , “ you were there yourself . ” followed him , and all their comrades followed the dragoon and the swiss . i have any more to do with the affair ? cristo ! ” she murmured . ! ” said aramis , “ our late adventures have disgusted me with military life . answer might be prompt and favorable ; and having again recommended porthos to the care of mousqueton , and paid his bill to the host , he resumed his route with planchet , already relieved of one of his led horses . hair ! ” said louise , with regret . ; i deliver them to you without compulsion . the cavalier ; “ <unk> <unk> . ” at the count . exclaimed	47.84480667114258
the man in the cloak , suddenly expressing himself in french . , try to make your peace with god , for you are judged by men ! ” monsieur commissary ; yes , that is true , and i confess that i was in the wrong . gutenberg™ electronic works , and the medium on which they may be stored , may contain “ defects , ” such as , but not limited to , incomplete , inaccurate or corrupt data , transcription errors , a copyright or other intellectual property infringement , a defective or damaged disk or other medium , a computer virus , or computer codes that damage or can not be read by your equipment . of his servants , none of the	44.734092712402344
travelers present , could have gained anything by being possessed of this paper . s right ! ” in these terms : conclusion , sire , ” said the minister of police , “ that death was not the result of suicide , as we first believed , but of assassination . looked at him . that the fifty louis which i send are equally for aramis as for you—for you as aramis . ” destroyed his first will and made a second , than , for fear he should make a third , he is struck down . , but in the morning , refreshed and calm , he was inspired with his clearest views of everything . , baron , what have you learned with regard	69.23397064208984
to the affair in the rue saint-jacques ? ” escape , and placing the old man on his bed , he seated himself on the stool beside him . groan , but appeared resigned . , promising to be in frosinone in less than an hour . and true in his own nature , that he believed everybody ’ s professions of friendship . her handkerchief , with which she appeared to be wiping her face , and in the other a bottle of english smelling-salts . was quite indescribable , and then turned to d ’ artagnan . a part of what was to happen . them to draw near . literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and	39.480796813964844
your state ’ s laws . d ’ artagnan , calm as he was in general , felt an unusual disturbance within his <unk> powerful during the whole course of life are the recollections of youth . here i have a right to do so , for it concerns monsieur d ’ <unk> ’ artagnan , ” he repeated , in such a manner as to bow the <unk> brow with recollections of the weak and erring woman . sir , he told me ; it appears to have been an apoplectic stroke . ” madame danglars , “ come and undress me . ” bad vein ; he lost all , together with twenty-five pistoles for which he had given his word . wicked are great drinkers	53.15542221069336
of water ; as the flood proved once for all . ” he bade me be of good courage , and to rely upon his doing all in his power to convince my judges of my innocence . returned franz , “ or i shall go myself and bargain with your <unk> , who is mine also ; he is an old friend of mine , who has plundered me pretty well already , and , in the hope of making more out of me , he will take a less price than the one i offer you ; you will lose the preference , and that will be your fault . ” danglars forming the <unk> , and pushing danglars whenever he happened to stop , they	58.338138580322266
came by a gentle declivity to the <unk> of two corridors . monte cristo , “ it is just as i thought ; it was politics which brought noirtier and m. d ’ épinay into personal contact . i place in my stead a bold fellow who aspires to be his majesty ’ s special guard . . into mine ; i will not say without trouble , for if i did i should tell a lie . ” himself on the goat-skin . brain plans so vast , projects so tumultuous , that there remained no room for any capricious or material <unk> sentiment which is fed by leisure and grows with corruption . induced you to buy three ! ” i were there two years ago	101.8482666015625
. were already made ; he cursed the instant when m. laporte formed the idea of marrying him to his goddaughter , and particularly the moment when that goddaughter had been received as lady of the linen to her majesty . my master has ordered his horses at eight o ’ clock precisely . ” ” he thought to himself , “ how can i take care of both ? , you are indeed wretched and a miracle alone can cure you . ; he has revenged himself and has done well . his return from great britain he had brought back four magnificent <unk> for himself , and one for each of his companions ; then he informed porthos that the one intended for him was already	68.03142547607422
installed in the stable of the tavern . ; i no longer understand anything . artagnan , shaking his head , said : easy , and a noble to his fingers ’ ends . engaged with their game , and athos was watching them with so much attention , that they did not even perceive their young companion go out , who , as he had told the guardsman of his eminence , stopped outside the door . here ! ” am only embarked in <unk> , ” replied danglars , with the air of a <unk> sounding his own praises ; “ to involve me , three governments must crumble to dust . ” monte cristo . <unk> ” to pass that mysterious threshold , to climb	54.1142578125
those unknown stairs by which , one by one , the old crowns of m. coquenard had ascended . and came to meet him in his chair . it signify , valentine , so long as i am satisfied , and feel that even this long and painful suspense is amply repaid by five minutes of your society , or two words from your lips ? the king . ” and was going into the study , when danglars stopped her . away the sentinel that i might remain here without anybody knowing it , in order to speak to you without being overheard . him , for instance ? ” story . ” , relying on you as you may rely on me . . de tréville	54.43574142456055
, the whole assemblage rushed into the cabinet , he not thinking to shut the door against anyone , and all crowded round the wounded man . would be so much the less equal , if athos and his companions were really plotting ; and by one of those rapid turns which he always had at command , all his anger faded away into a smile . crush under the wall ? ” went off to the bishop ’ s palace to see if he could possibly pass in with juxon to the king ’ s presence . a second <unk> that . ” not ask you to tell me , ” said mazarin , astounded by this returning courage . ” de saint-méran had already been panting	54.05071258544922
for breath some minutes ; she then had a fit , which i took to be simply a nervous attack , and it was only when i saw her raise herself in the bed , and her limbs and neck appear stiffened , that i became really alarmed . and raising her fine eyes toward heaven , “ lord , lord , ” said she , with an angelic meekness of gesture and tone , “ pardon this man , as i myself pardon him . ” that is to say , highway robbers . ” straight to the duc de blacas . ” she murmured . see porthos ? ” , and does not resemble him at all . service . ” revive the subject of the	55.208343505859375
count , but franz announced he had something far <unk> to tell her , and , in spite of albert ’ s demonstrations of false modesty , he informed the countess of the great event which had preoccupied them for the last three days . edward ’ s breast . ’ s attorney , ” replied andrea calmly . the queen , ” resumed d ’ artagnan , <unk> , “ to storm the tower of london , to kill a hundred thousand soldiers , to fight <unk> against the wishes of the nation and the ambition of a man , and when that man is cromwell ? of groan . so—let us not dispute about words ; and since m. de monte cristo and m. zaccone are	48.76670455932617
the <unk> ” prefer sacrificing the whole , so that it would obtain me a happy and affectionate home . ” having relieved his mind , rejoined mousqueton and they disappeared around an angle of the street . of crime or treason . , monsieur , and here is my sword . ” a bottle at a draught and bit great mouthfuls of the bread and meat . is not amiable , i allow , but monsieur du tremblay is considerably worse . ” i consider the wisest action of my life by such a name . ? ” inquired charles , rising . were in your place—— ” said albert . should have this money without delay . ’ each offering equal securities . , how shall	67.21283721923828
i now approach mine ? but in <unk> ” was a good mother , since it was for my son ’ s sake i became criminal . the abbé , with a stifled sigh , “ mercédès it was . ” let yourself be slain , but save the king . ” ” said vampa , instantly appearing ; “ what do you want ? ” , for they thought that he was about to attack the inspector , and the latter recoiled two or three steps . —a fearful misfortune . ” an <unk> , you shall be convinced ; take my clerk to the bank , and you will see him leave it with an order on the treasury for the same sum . ” to	37.689361572265625
ourselves for our own <unk> , but not speak of it . ” captain , ” said he , “ come here , that i may growl at you . monsieur , and i repeat , that the handkerchief did not fall from my pocket . ” i <unk> ” perugia , sir , and the hôtel des <unk> , and the festival of which you speak , ” said madame de villefort , “ but in vain do i tax my memory , of whose treachery i am ashamed , for i really do not recall to mind that i ever had the pleasure of seeing you before . ” s a king it appears he can not dress or undress without assistance . ” forget what	40.24471664428711
i shall have lost ! ” the shore , but without effort , without shock , as lips touch lips ; and he entered the grotto amidst continued strains of most delicious melody . at a single draught , and then turned on her pillow , repeating , , ate from several dishes , drank a little spanish wine , and felt all her resolution return . s the landlord of the lamb , and <unk> the farmer ; they both live in the rue des <unk> . ” out athos ’ s horse ; the musketeer leaped lightly into the saddle . passed by . asked the queen . dream . had just entered . lived . your command , viscount ; but you will kill yourself	56.47605895996094
by riding on horseback . . ” ” cried danglars . i trust you do not doubt , your devoted loosened her hold of the gate , her arms fell by her side , and two large tears rolled down her cheeks . papers which are at blois ; and in two months and a half , if you do not hear of us , take possession of them . . that , publicly outraged in the face of a whole theatre , in the presence of your friends and those of your <unk> by a boy who will glory in my forgiveness as if it were a <unk> do not suppose that i can for one moment wish to live . at last said athos , the	48.851409912109375
first to speak , “ by this time , i think , all must be over . ” light vainly endeavoring to penetrate the narrow opening . although in all probability her heart beat somewhat faster than usual , went out in her turn . his will , it is generally in favor or in prejudice of some person . ” the count , with a smile which petrified the dying man , “ when you had just broken your knife against the coat of mail which protected my breast ! strive , for you ought to live , and to be happy , albert . ” we can do , then , ” said the notary . have a bottle of your best wine , and then	43.77411651611328
, with your permission , we will resume our conversation from where we left off . ” héloïse de villefort . ” them that i am going to make the comte de la fere a visit , that i may converse with him tete-a-tete , and that we may not be disturbed at our interview you must conduct him , as i said before , to the pavilion of the orangery ; that , you know , is my daily promenade . scarcely knowing what to think , but as he was a youth who did not easily lose his head , while continuing to pay his court to milady , he had framed a little plan in his mind . instinct . charles . richelieu ’ s	50.93359375
object , not only to get rid of an enemy of france , but to avenge himself on a rival ; but this vengeance must be grand and striking and worthy in every way of a man who held in his hand , as his weapon for combat , the forces of a kingdom . had executed their melancholy office , and wrapped the corpse in the winding-sheet , which , whatever may be said about the equality of death , is at least a last proof of the luxury so pleasing in life . laporte had placed in the hands of the duke of buckingham , warning him that he was about to be assassinated ; that communication had arrived too late . me ! ” was	54.65907669067383
andrea ’ s first thought . viscount , ” said monte cristo , “ i have an infallible remedy to propose to you . ” lucien , playing with a little dog , who , recognizing him as a friend of the house , expected to be caressed , “ i am not the only one who makes similar complaints , i think i heard morcerf say that he could not extract a word from his betrothed . ” castle behind ; that was the principal thing . , ” said danglars , restraining the young man ; “ drunk as he is , he is not much out in what he says . ascend , and leave me in darkness ; then i heard the well-known creaking	40.61968231201172
of the door although i had heard that door open but twice . dear lucien , here are <unk> , of <unk> them , and persuade the minister to sell us such instead of poisoning us with cabbage leaves . ” they bandage people ’ s eyes who penetrate enchanted palaces , for instance , those of raoul in the <unk> , and really i have nothing to complain of , for what i see makes me think of the wonders of the _arabian nights_ . ” , ” said d ’ artagnan . , bernajoux . letter , went hastily down the mountain , leaped on his horse and set out at a gallop . you on this passage , ‘ <unk> <unk> <unk> , ’ you	60.57630157470703
know it refers to a stag flying from a wolf . dagger from the pool of blood which was gliding along the room , to the horror of all present , made a sign to the host to follow him , paid him with a generosity worthy of his master and again mounted his horse . annuity his family papers , his library , composed of five thousand volumes , and his famous breviary . , he began to carve all sorts of objects in wood ; it was thus that <unk> , the famous sculptor , had commenced . had begun the siege , he left to the cardinal the task of finishing it . ! ” cried athos . to this valet-de-chambre , who was no	68.15750885009766
other than bernouin , and he had during the last six or eight months introduced the gascon a dozen times to the cardinal . already that i had nothing to do with that ? with impatience , mingled with uneasiness ; he hoped for some compliments , while , at the same time , he feared to have <unk> . minutes the clerk returned with a beaming countenance . <unk> . less exact to his appointment and at half-past nine o ’ clock he entered the ante-room . say , there ’ s no longer a queen . mortify myself . upon the table . albert , “ is there any formality to fulfil before i take leave of your excellency ? ” . give me five minutes	43.15780258178711
’ grace , ” replied morcerf , “ for i also expect a preserver . ” the same promise to my love ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , beside himself with joy . not brought too large a stock of money with you ? ” said the musketeer . you . ” him , and was not mistaken . on the fortress . valentine , “ my grandfather wishes for a <unk> ” at this strange and unexpected demand m. de villefort and his father exchanged looks . made felton a man inaccessible to ordinary seductions . you that you may rely on my tenderness ? ” debray ; “ he scarcely knew mademoiselle de villefort ; you said so yourself . ” than that , ”	33.92100524902344
replied morcerf , “ for i caught one . in the neighborhood , and assure yourself who are the men who come to ask for you . ” the weeping girl , “ i am obliged to own that my stepmother ’ s aversion to me arises from a very natural <unk> <unk> love for her own child , my brother edward . ” of the count enter the courtyard , and advanced to meet him with a sad , though affable smile . they fled toward the camp without having killed their man , they should be accused by him ; therefore their first idea was to join the enemy . not exchange another word till they reached their quarters , except to give the watchword to	62.65564727783203
the sentinels . d ’ avrigny , “ she is indeed dead , poor child ! ” <unk> d ’ <unk> ; a jovial partner and dice , and guineas clinking on the cloth , the night passes like a dream . i endeavor to recall circumstances . ” porthos . yes , ” said noirtier , delighted to be understood . were thrown open , and through the jessamine and clematis that overhung the window one could see the garden ornamented with lanterns , and the supper laid under the tent . he thought of what was in store for his poor horses . , hasten ! the carnival at rome that year , and that franz , who for the last three or four years had	52.11555862426758
inhabited italy , should act as _cicerone_ to albert . today to the director of the royal academy , and tomorrow he will admit you without any expense to yourself . long live the king ! villefort , “ is it at your house in the champs-élysées that you receive your visitors ? ” to be quite sure that i have never thought of your fortune ; besides , they say i am already rich in right of my <unk> rich , even . . ” will go . ” ” said monte cristo , with that expression which sometimes made him so eloquent and <unk> “ look at me . sleep of which this thought is the dream . you , monsieur ! travel , then ?	40.95641326904297
” you ? ” by all present , and no one was deceived by the expression of his countenance . so any longer ? ” were wrong . ” , a custom familiar to him . of grass to be seen in the paths , or a weed in the <unk> ; no fine lady ever trained and watered her <unk> , her <unk> , and her rhododendrons , in her porcelain <unk> with more pains than this hitherto unseen gardener bestowed upon his little enclosure . sleep and you have come to bring me some news ? ” the door of a cabaret , left bazin with him , who , besides , in a skirmish was more embarrassing than useful , and set forward again in	60.42683410644531
the hope of sleeping at amiens . an air so thoughtful , and so full of affectionate admiration , that she turned back and grasped his hand ; at the same time she seized that of her son , and joined them together . ” said lucien , “ here is the count of monte cristo , who will say to you , as the italians do , — last , ” he said , “ not without some trouble , though . ” , ” said m. de tréville ; “ i believed it later . serious to you ? ” ” cried athos , with a gentle blush . see this young lady , for whom i already feel so great a sympathy ? ” asked	26.2764892578125
milady . the woman he loved still remaining ? ” was now his whole thought , his whole soul . on a physical medium , you must return the medium with your written explanation . man before ? ” prince , laughing , “ i thought we should come to that . must join her son and go over to the princes ’ side ; but you know better than i do that there are certain reasons why she can never abandon mazarin . ” a sign of the cross with the bottle in his hand . for the cardinal ’ s guards , has just fled away . ” he not an emissary of the cardinal , whom the cardinal sought to introduce into tréville ’ s	48.231327056884766
house , to place near him , to win his confidence , and afterward to ruin him as had been done in a thousand other <unk> ? , i see what you wish to get at ; and if it is simply what i think that stops you , i can <unk> the difficulty . ” mounted , and took the road to st. germain . ” said d ’ artagnan , “ i see that although we have had the honor of traveling in your company you do not know us . him , then ? ” you wish to perish by his hands ! dear child , and take courage in remembering that there is a god who will punish traitors . ” , sword in	39.2076416015625
hand . the king ? ” exclaimed athos , anxiously . in fact , porthos breathed so loud as to do credit to the free play of his powerful lungs . horsemen advanced at full speed . a loud cry of joy , and darted toward the door ; she had recognized the voice of d ’ artagnan . asked the monk . not kill him ; and yet , ” added he , with a coldly menacing expression , “ he annoys me . <unk> proves that in <unk> circumstances nothing is more natural than the <unk> the <unk> , watching at the door , suddenly cried out : his pocket . accustom yourself to our manner of living in these northern climes as you did to	41.28679275512695
those of rome , florence , milan , and madrid ; it may be useful to you one of these days , whether you remain here or return to the east . ” be ? ’ well , go on . ” , and not wishing to put himself under obligations to the brute , the banker threw himself down again on his goat-skin and did not breathe another word . of joy and turning to mordaunt : go well ; m. d ’ épinay , if he is an honorable man , will consider himself more than ever pledged to mademoiselle de villefort , unless he were actuated by a decided feeling of avarice , but that is impossible . ” madame de chevreuse had made a	42.87309646606445
parting gesture to the young man , and raoul had returned in a state of stupefaction . , which was neither a cry nor a sigh , escaped from her , while she became deadly pale . at each other . his being a <unk> young fellow . ” of <unk> ; you have <unk> have assassinated . ” his duels , his caprices ; then the <unk> in greece broke out , and he had served in the grecian ranks . , and his anger <unk> hot . , to m. joannes , in the palais royal , arcade pierre , no . on an <unk> and impatiently turning over the leaves of some newspapers and <unk> which young edward , by way of amusing himself ,	59.36993408203125
was tearing to pieces before his mother could finish reading them . much easier to descend from the whole to a part than to ascend from a part to the whole . gate like a snake , and bounded lightly forward . ? ” said valentine . by albert . of them wounded , and a youth , say you ? ” i warn you . ” risen at the close of the scene with albert , again fell , and a <unk> was heard at the door . at the rendezvous . would it do ? ” asked caderousse . ” said the baroness , while the two young people were shaking hands , “ i and eugénie are come to be the first to announce to	44.80494689941406
you the approaching marriage of my daughter with prince <unk> ” danglars kept up the title of prince . going away from the east whither i am tempted to think i have been conveyed by some good genius . ” ! ” said porthos , “ i am sorry for that ; it would have been one language more . ” ” paces of it , he heard a noise of people and the carriage stopped . her friends ; nothing more moral . his hat on the ground , pushed back his chair to the wall and bowed to mordaunt with true french grace . that woman ! d ’ artagnan , “ you will go and release your companion , who is guarding the coachman .	43.70720672607422
history , ” said franz , motioning signor pastrini to seat himself . ; and be wise if you wish to preserve your heads . ” be the guide ; on the contrary , it was he who , under the count ’ s <unk> , followed a course of archæology , mineralogy , and natural history . to be clever , athos , ” observed aramis , “ i really do think you would be <unk> than poor monsieur de voiture . ” on the saturday evening reached the place de la <unk> by the <unk> . by i shall be away from here. ’ ah , try it ! ” dignified step , and some little haste . to kiss . ” choice ? ” asked	44.46235656738281
jussac . he said , “ that you are a widower , your wife ’ s connection can not injure you . ” the queen . recollection of your country ? ” of men ! ” added d ’ artagnan . course , dispose of it in some way or other ? ” , ” said the captain <unk> . cardinal ! i had not dared to sleep a single instant . met has been a long and narrow boat , manned by six or eight men , who have surprised and plundered it , some dark and stormy night , near some desert and gloomy island , as bandits plunder a carriage in the recesses of a forest . ” ! ” the safest for dantès ’	40.752994537353516
venture . as if he meant to say , “ but he does not wear the cardinal ’ s cap ; ” then he added : in returning , nor did grimaud ’ s searching glance discover anything of a suspicious appearance , save a dark shadow , as it were , in ambuscade , at the corner of the rue guenegaud and of the quai . of monte cristo was announced . for word , a sentence which he had heard from the comte de rochefort ; but the poor wife , who had reckoned on her husband , and who , in that hope , had answered for him to the queen , did not tremble the less , both at the danger into which she	43.15727996826172
had nearly cast herself and at the helpless state to which she was reduced . you when you put into the port of elba ? ” give up his sword ? ” began their labors , with a vigor and alacrity <unk> to their long rest from fatigue and their hopes of <unk> success . villefort , “ you know that i am no hypocrite , or , at least , that i never deceive without a reason . reach marseilles . ” through her room , which was on a level with valentine ’ s , and only separated from it by edward ’ s . shall be done , ” answered de comminges . very pale ; he looked round him a second time , several	39.701847076416016
members of the club were whispering , and getting their arms from under their cloaks . bertuccio , ” said the count . smile ; the devoted mother felt that she ought not to allow the whole weight of the sacrifice to fall upon her son . milady had stabbed herself . , ” said porthos , “ i swear nothing , but i ’ m choked . oliver cromwell said when he came to paris and was shown the dungeon at vincennes where monsieur de vendome was imprisoned ? ” about to regain his liberty ; at the worst , he would have a companion , and captivity that is shared is but half captivity . confidant of him . ” , ” he added , bowing	48.501461029052734
his head , “ you know <unk> are my judge on earth , as the almighty is in heaven ; have you for me no words of consolation ? ” they are the only men who know how to live . is the will of fate that we should be still for some time separated ; but the delightful days of youth are not lost beyond return . the governor . ” . ” said porthos ; “ battle . as we have said , athos , porthos , and aramis called , and had guessed , from m. de tréville ’ s tone of voice , that he was very angry about something . sum he was as well lodged , and as perfectly shut out from	40.68878173828125
observation , as the inhabitants of the finest mansion in the faubourg st. germain . almost fainted , revived . hand to his heart , and placed a glass before his lips . over these <unk> ” so saying , madame de saint-méran extended her dry bony hand to villefort , who , while <unk> a son-in-law ’ s respectful salute on it , looked at renée , as much as to say , “ i must try and fancy ’ tis your dear hand i kiss , as it should have been . ” would be withheld because you are the wife of him who <unk> it ? —no , madame , no ; the scaffold awaits the poisoner , whoever she may be , unless ,	75.53480529785156
as i just said , the poisoner has taken the precaution of keeping for herself a few drops of her deadliest poison . ” aramis , who shut the gate after him , last . the nature of her mission . you there . men who are now on monte cristo ? ” being arrested , be all four together again , we should not , i am not sure , be twenty-four hours in prison without getting free . ” , ” and monte cristo forced the bank-notes into his hand . , ” said albert , smiling . are composed of treasures one possesses under one ’ s hand , such as mines , lands , and <unk> property , in such states as france ,	63.111602783203125
austria , and england , provided these treasures and property form a total of about a hundred millions ; i call those second-rate fortunes , that are gained by <unk> enterprises , <unk> companies , <unk> , and principalities , not drawing more than 1,500,000 francs , the whole forming a capital of about fifty millions ; finally , i call those third-rate fortunes , which are composed of a <unk> capital , dependent upon the will of others , or upon chances which a bankruptcy involves or a false <unk> <unk> , such as banks , speculations of the <unk> fact , all operations under the influence of greater or less <unk> , the whole bringing in a real or fictitious capital of about fifteen millions .	111.90613555908203
rather , very beautiful , ” replied albert , “ but of that style of beauty which i do not appreciate ; i am an ungrateful fellow . ” laugh , sir , ” replied the stranger , “ as you may perceive by the expression of my countenance ; but nevertheless i retain the privilege of laughing when i please . ” ” meaning of my words ? own account , or on account of another , that she exposed herself to such <unk> ? mouston , ” he said , “ rest satisfied . people <unk> . ” coming in on which you can rely ? ” the latter , “ a young woman of about twenty-six or twenty-eight years of age , and a man	34.87581253051758
of from thirty-five to forty , have indeed lodged at the two houses pointed out by your eminence ; but the woman left last night , and the man this morning . ” i began to cry too . the highest favor . of the castle ; he ’ s posted there . ” astonished , and mazarin approached the queen to speak to her , but at this moment a frightful tumult arose from the square of the palais royal . , ” returned morcerf ; “ but i fear that you will be much disappointed , accustomed as you are to picturesque events and fantastic horizons . i have left in the world , ” he said , “ out of an immense fortune . contrary	43.691932678222656
, they wished to assassinate him . ; and besides , loves your majesty too well . ” madame , ” said monte cristo ; “ i know no one now of that name . ” he was to the work , he had to repeat most of the letters of the alphabet and to find every word in the dictionary , so that it was ten minutes before the thought of the old man was translated by these words , injure both edmond and yourself , had i divulged my own apprehensions to a soul . well laid ; the plot is clever . and pay attention to what i am about to tell you . julie , “ go and inform m. emmanuel of this gentleman	41.638694763183594
’ s visit , and maximilian will conduct him to the salon . ” repeated madame de villefort . ” , placing her hand modestly over her beautiful eyes , “ never ! at the first discharge announced the death of his four companions . to milady ’ s mind was that she had been betrayed by kitty , and that she had recounted to the baron the selfish aversion toward himself of which she had imprudently allowed some marks to escape before her servant . ’ artagnan , “ i would give my chance of a captaincy in the mousquetaires for that to be my name . ” rich , since instead of the 114 francs we require for the journey we find ourselves in possession of	51.117095947265625
<unk> . ” he , when franz had concluded , “ what do you find to object to in all you have related ? a thing that i can ’ t perform at any time i choose . exclaimed edmond , “ that will not be . being able to extricate himself from his position , provided he were not <unk> at the unreasonable sum of 5,050,000 francs , he stretched himself on his bed , and after turning over two or three times , fell asleep with the tranquillity of the hero whose life luigi vampa was studying . the room announced that in all probability he was bringing in two mazarinists , it appeared to be the unanimous opinion of the officers on guard that they	46.853607177734375
ought not to pass . cardinal . that horse ! ” ” i remained for fourteen years within a quarter of a league of you , in a dungeon in the château d ’ if . men clinging to the shattered mast and the <unk> , while a fifth clung to the broken rudder . say , sir ; if you wish to learn more , address yourself to m. de boville , the inspector of prisons , no . instantly . ” d ’ artagnan , availing himself of the darkness in the archway under which they were passing , threw himself into the arms of the prisoner . the money that he and porthos had lost and buried it in his huge pocket . so late	40.582759857177734
, or he would have remained ; he put his head out and asked the postilion how long it would be before they reached the next town . ” said athos , smiling , “ he has never been so much a musketeer as since he became an abbé , and you will find him a veritable soldier . ” , they easily obtained three hundred pistoles on the ring . , he said , “ let all the horses in my stables be led before the windows of your young lady , that she may select those she prefers for her carriage . low , and two sailors wounded ; dantès was one of the latter , a ball having touched him in the left shoulder .	59.9258918762207
that the bandits of corsica are not rogues or thieves , but purely and simply fugitives , driven by some sinister motive from their native town or village , and that their fellowship involves no disgrace or stigma ; for my own part , i protest that , should i ever go to corsica , my first visit , ere even i presented myself to the mayor or prefect , should be to the bandits of <unk> , if i could only manage to find them ; for , on my conscience , they are a race of men i admire greatly . ” the author of ‘ <unk> , ’ and of ‘ le grand <unk> , ’ which were composed partly by him and partly by	108.92806243896484
his sister , who is now talking to that pretty person yonder , near monsieur scarron . ” considerable reputation . thanks of madame danglars which had been already conveyed to the count through the medium of a letter , signed “ baronne danglars , <unk> hermine de servieux . ” year , at which he appeared for a quarter of an hour only , —that is to say , five-and-forty minutes less than the king is visible at his balls . exclaimed athos , extending his hand to d ’ artagnan . a loyal frenchman , thought accused of treason ; tell me where you are conducting me , and i promise you on my honor i will submit to my fate . ” learn , once	58.06715774536133
for all , that that is a question which is never asked . checked the fervor of the lover and the mother . far from my thoughts . in this world and we shall see that this apparently slight incident came near <unk> the monarchy . well as you can for having made me wait , and , after that , tell me why i see you in a dress so singular that at first i did not recognize you . ” passing that in this fight perished the baron de chantal ; that the baron de chantal left a little orphan girl eighteen months old , and that this little girl was afterward mme . the <unk> of a <unk> from the iron ring that secured it	91.15786743164062
to the <unk> at leghorn , wrapped himself in his coat and lay down , and said to the crew , — “ to the island of elba ! ” see her again ! to open it . ” glance all the painful feelings she inspired in felton by dwelling on every detail of her recital ; but she would not spare him a single pang . ? ” continued the notary , addressing the old man . , i have heard it said that she does not love the english , but an englishman . ” ; the carriage continued to roll on with rapidity ; the officer seemed a statue . , and frenchmen like you . ” young people are such <unk> . ” not	35.9149169921875
, however , fail in his duty , ” said athos . seen the count take something in my house , if only an ice . shoulders , made a sign to his escort and started . doubt , some order from the cardinal about you ? ” buckingham i am certain he will do so . has become of athos ? ” asked d ’ artagnan of planchet , as they galloped on . i am on the point of marrying a young girl i have been attached to for three <unk> ” villefort , impassive as he was , was struck with this coincidence ; and the tremulous voice of dantès , surprised in the midst of his happiness , struck a sympathetic chord in his	41.23255157470703
own <unk> also was on the point of being married , and he was summoned from his own happiness to destroy that of another . yet ? ” fortune , nothing else ; i have nothing but what my sword brings me <unk> is to say , more blows than banknotes . austria approached comminges and conversed with him in a subdued tone , whilst mazarin glanced uneasily at the corner occupied by d ’ artagnan and porthos . d ’ artagnan , “ they ’ ll suppose us to be stronger than themselves , as we ’ re in pursuit ; they ’ ll be afraid and will disperse . ” , ” continued athos , “ that you attach so much importance to these animals ,	50.755794525146484
for i am not yet at the end of my story . ” saw god ’ s justice placed in the hands of benedetto , and should have thought it sacrilege to oppose the designs of providence . ” , more especially the latter , had reason to feel anxious . simple inclination of the head and aramis put his finger to his hat , as if to bow , athos alone comprehending by that signal that he had some project in his head . de saint-méran , i have known that a poisoner lived in my house . passed away ; and the evening came on slowly , but finally it came . pretended message from anne of austria , upon the faith of which he had	53.843238830566406
come to paris , was a snare ; but instead of regaining england , he had , <unk> the position in which he had been placed , declared to the queen that he would not depart without seeing her . must first say if you declare yourself for the king of a day who now reigns , or for his majesty the emperor . ” to you ? ” provide , in any event , the means of leaving <unk> case either of failure or of success . all who knock . door of the cell yielded to a shock , rather than opened ; several men rushed into the chamber . could not respond . bag he had in his pocket . minutes fifty thousand lights glittered	56.34688949584961
, descending from the palazzo di venezia to the piazza del popolo , and mounting from the piazza del popolo to the palazzo di venezia . he lifted the stone , filled his pockets with gems , put the box together as well and securely as he could , sprinkled fresh sand over the spot from which it had been taken , and then carefully trod down the earth to give it everywhere a uniform appearance ; then , quitting the grotto , he replaced the stone , <unk> on it broken masses of rocks and rough fragments of crumbling granite , filling the interstices with earth , into which he <unk> inserted rapidly growing plants , such as the wild myrtle and <unk> <unk> , then carefully	78.66160583496094
<unk> these new <unk> , he scrupulously effaced every trace of footsteps , leaving the approach to the cavern as <unk> and <unk> as he had found it . this passage ended , bernouin encountered madame de beauvais , like himself intrusted with the secret of these subterranean love affairs ; and madame de beauvais undertook to prepare anne of austria , who was in her oratory with the young king , louis xiv. , to receive the cardinal . address the minister ? ” ” something startling and ominous , ” said haydée , shaking her head and turning pale at the mere remembrance of the scene , “ in this long file of slaves and women only <unk> from sleep , or at least so they	77.56517791748047
appeared to me , who was myself scarcely awake . ” replied debray . must make haste ; for hardly will the people of paris have revolted before we shall have a score of princes begging to lead them . to hear what his mother would decide after she had finished reading this letter . have killed the mother , ” said athos , <unk> . again <unk> a meaning look . vertebra made a great noise in the learned world , and the gentleman , who was only a knight of the legion of honor , was made an officer . ” had even hidden your <unk> from your husband , who has but the commencement of the <unk> generally husbands <unk> not <unk> would then have	76.61016845703125
been but a faint imitation of most of your friends among the women of the world . , because that woman , i profoundly hold , deserved her punishment . man ? ” asked de winter , turning around . andrea , with an embarrassed air , “ i was in the south of france . ” man to abandon an old servant , and when mousqueton rose above the water , blind as a new-born <unk> , he found he was supported by the large hand of porthos and that he was thus enabled , without having occasion even to move , to advance toward the cable with the dignity of a very <unk> . me the control of this business ; we had better wait and	50.47058868408203
see what they want . ” athos ; “ i had a plan . , —at a small port , near antibes , in the gulf of juan . ” in the eyes of the doctor and his father , he only saw an expression as inflexible as that of maximilian . is the only moment in which you can study character , ” said the count ; “ on the steps of the scaffold death tears off the mask that has been worn through life , and the real visage is disclosed . go , ” said albert in a firm , calm voice ; “ you love me too well to wish me to remain useless and idle with you ; besides , i have signed	46.98323440551758
. ” it from <unk> the foot of that little hill , that <unk> roof . ” , growing still paler . she leaned upon the elbow of the arm that held the <unk> , and extending to him her other hand , said , with a smile of <unk> sweetness , in the sonorous language spoken by the women of athens and <unk> : you away , but you have had the small-pox and i am afraid that sitting up late may tire you . ” in a despairing tone , “ perhaps no one will dare to come for it is known that the spaniards are ranging through the country , and i shall die without absolution . then , ’ said the sentinel ; ‘	55.84585952758789
or , as you know your way , go first . ’ , regulate your conduct accordingly ; and if you entertain , whether from your family , your relations , or even from your instincts , any of these <unk> which we see constantly breaking out against the cardinal , bid me adieu and let us separate . sitting down to table , m. de monte cristo arrived . as a fisherman , might get a place as clerk in a warehouse , and become in time a dealer myself . ” the beautiful <unk> pretended not to hear the noise , and in a voice broken by tears , she continued : through the heads of rabbits , he makes fowls eat <unk> , and <unk>	88.04995727539062
the spinal marrow out of dogs with <unk> . ” cried danglars . these , he saw nothing but a strange face , <unk> , and encircled by a beard , with eyes brilliant as carbuncles , and a smile upon the mouth which displayed a perfect set of white teeth , pointed and sharp as the wolf ’ s or jackal ’ s . so keep on the watch , as they are gone away ; it ’ s for some purpose , rely on it . , i still plead . jesuit convent . ” the tuileries ? ” diamonds ; i have had some . ” at your feet , and replaced in your pocket . ” in the direction which they pointed out ,	53.809627532958984
saw the monk , and fell back upon the litter , his face illumined by joy . eyes into the darkness as long as she could , and when he had quite disappeared , she went into the house with a sigh . be done ? ” proper title i should be a lord . lord de winter , ” said patrick . ” replied the count , continuing the conversation , and looking by turns at madame de villefort and valentine , “ have i not already had the honor of meeting yourself and mademoiselle before ? ! to a close , and the curtain fell amid the loud , unanimous <unk> of an enthusiastic and delighted audience . bearings . tavern , <unk> street . ”	48.87623596191406
answered mousqueton , puzzled how to get out of the difficulty , “ i must confess that to me beer is as disagreeable as wine is to the english . ” between two opposite <unk> wicked nature , subdued by determination , perhaps by repentance . , reverend sir . ” . and it takes a considerable effort , much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements . after another , the cells and dungeons of several of the prisoners , whose good <unk> or stupidity recommended them to the clemency of the government . the cardinal know . ” side , it was not <unk> was still quite possible—for the little light that remained rendered a mistake <unk> it not be the	76.62562561035156
commencement of some plot against him through the <unk> of this woman , for whom his love was known ? it is religious , ” replied aramis ; “ it is theology in verse . ” friend , you are not yet registered number one on board the good ship _pharaon_ ; ” then turning towards edmond , who was walking away , “ a pleasant journey , ” he cried . just power to give one parting look to her grandfather , who in losing her seemed to be resigning his very soul . , effective as it was , did not escape the eyes of the young princess . carriage . the door , opened it , looked in the corridor , and then returned and	47.63591003417969
seated herself close to mme . far behind the two friends that he disappeared , completely hidden between them . wish for ? ” asked she . astonishment at the sight of their visitor ’ s emotion , and wondered to see the large tears silently chasing each other down his otherwise stern and immovable features ; but they felt the <unk> of his grief , and kindly refrained from questioning him as to its cause , while , with instinctive delicacy , they left him to indulge his sorrow alone . punished , and he may hope that he will not be ; but , on my honor , if he thinks so , he <unk> himself . ” that i feared it ; i only said	68.40531158447266
that death alone could check the execution of my plans . ” athos , putting a finger on his lips , with the sad smile peculiar to him ; “ let us talk no more of <unk> will bring bad <unk> ” and athos set forward toward charenton , followed closely by aramis . sure , an honest man . ” ” he said , “ i am going away . before you for the first time in london , it was to ask you what had become of my fortune ; the second time it was to demand who had sullied my name ; and this time i come before you to ask a question far more terrible than any other , to say to you as	36.989280700683594
god said to the first murderer : ‘ <unk> , what hast thou done to thy brother <unk> ? ’ my lord , what have you done with your <unk> sister , who was my mother ? ” to him . yourself ? —well ? ” only one crime , and i saw her meditating another , i would say ‘ warn her , punish her , let her pass the remainder of her life in a convent , weeping and praying. ’ if she had committed two crimes , i would say , ‘ here , m. de villefort , is a poison that the prisoner is not acquainted with , —one that has no known antidote , quick as thought , rapid as lightning , mortal	84.91553497314453
as the thunderbolt ; give her that poison , recommending her soul to god , and save your honor and your life , for it is yours she aims at ; and i can picture her approaching your pillow with her hypocritical smiles and her sweet exhortations . the glade , supping off the provisions exacted as contributions from the peasants ; but his eye vainly sought rita and cucumetto among them . the whole group in a bad humor except cardinal mazarin . ” ! _ joannes , the jeweller . ’ ; ” and the count took a bottle from his pocket , containing a red liquid , of which he poured a few drops into the glass . pursued her a long time . ”	82.69464874267578
” , ” said the curate , shaking his head sorrowfully . the bastion was only occupied by a dozen corpses , french and rochellais . account i gave you advice , which naturally you took care not to adopt . ” d ’ artagnan , ” said athos ; “ yes , ungrateful to providence , to whom we owe our safety in the most miraculous manner . again , to take my <unk> ” with these words the baron went out . gave the keys of valentine ’ s room to m. de villefort , so that no one could reach the <unk> excepting through that of madame de villefort and little edward . the mind of d ’ artagnan . ” replied the count .	29.909971237182617
of the proud eugénie . ” <unk> ” the ground , my mother had fainted . ” , villefort found the marquise and renée in waiting . turned around once more , and said , “ not a <unk> a word ; let them think you asleep , or perhaps you may be killed before i have the power of helping you . ” he said to teresa , ‘ are you ready to share my fortune , whatever it may be ? ’ my lord . ” , rising in the stirrups and looking about him , “ which , i wonder , is the lightning ? ” saw the old man sleeping soundly in an armchair in his lodge . you overwhelm me with that coolness	45.57216262817383
. conversation would have seemed a sublime manoeuvre to any one who could have read the gascon ’ s soul . door to exhibit to visitors this monument of curiosity , once a scene of terror . brother , i <unk> it so ; but fortunately you are not mine . ” the full project gutenberg™ license as specified in paragraph 1.e.1 . s voice was raised with the cry of “ forward ! ” , and one which made d ’ artagnan tremble from the sole of his foot to the roots of his hair , to find that this soft light , this calm lamp , enlightened a scene of fearful disorder . franz to albert , “ do you know what is the best thing	49.4216194152832
we can do ? answered de chavigny , with a low bow , “ i have on the ramparts twenty pieces of artillery and in my <unk> thirty thousand guns . fact , magnificent , ” said andrea . gave for them make the animals less beautiful , ” inquired the count , shrugging his shoulders . do , and with infinite pleasure , ” answered albert ; “ and so much the more readily as a letter received this morning from my father summons me to paris , in consequence of a treaty of marriage ( my dear franz , do not smile , i beg of you ) with a family of high standing , and connected with the very cream of parisian society . ”	54.09515380859375
the harbor like a bird and the next morning franz disembarked at porto-ferrajo . without reflection or thought for the divine charm which is in the things of nature , <unk> after a fantastic dream ; then gradually this view of the outer world , so calm , so pure , so grand , reminded him of the <unk> of his vision , and once more awakened memory . , “ the cause of this event ? ” and opened it . burning head he desired olivain to lead on the horses to a <unk> inn , which he observed within gunshot range , a little in advance of the place they had reached . his ambition , that innocent victim <unk> on the altar of his father	87.21124267578125
’ s faults , appeared to him pale and threatening , leading his affianced bride by the hand , and bringing with him remorse , not such as the ancients figured , furious and terrible , but that slow and <unk> agony whose <unk> are intensified from hour to hour up to the very moment of death . ! _ i am not selfish , as you are . ” besides , i am the person punished , as that <unk> horsedealer has robbed me of fifty louis , at least . an old shoe . robber it is hard to call him nephew whom he has impoverished ; when one is a murderer , to recognize the man whom one has made an orphan . ” .	73.23252868652344
” were called when your honored brother married us ? albert , but it caused lucien to shorten his visit ; he was evidently ill at ease . to be done ? ” asked the queen , “ for i hear them . ” , his yacht , followed by the little fishing-boat , boldly entered the port of marseilles , and anchored exactly opposite the spot from whence , on the <unk> night of his departure for the château d ’ if , he had been put on board the boat destined to convey him thither . ” said lord winter . albert . said the _cicerone_ to the coachman , and the carriage drove rapidly on . from god ; art thou a minister from hell	57.382362365722656
; art thou an angel or a demon ; <unk> thou thyself <unk> or <unk> ? ” misfortune which threatened her and the <unk> in which she was left , she broke out into sobs and tears . him , took him in his arms , and kissed his forehead . the information he has given us ; if it is true , he shall be free ; if false , let him be shot . ” considered the death of charles i. as a misfortune necessary to the welfare of england . ” and we are not always twenty years old . ” said mme . , sir ? ” , the trip had been sufficiently successful to satisfy all concerned ; while the crew , and	41.093929290771484
particularly jacopo , expressed great regrets that dantès had not been an equal <unk> with themselves in the profits , which amounted to no less a sum than fifty piastres each . flash of lightning , illumined the road , and with the flash was heard the whistling of balls , which were fired <unk> in the air . ” some tapestry behind which he might hide himself , and felt an immense inclination to <unk> under the table . nature against this divine substance , —in nature which is not made for joy and clings to pain . marshal did . ” ” said m. de blacas , “ we can rely on the army ; your majesty knows how every report confirms their loyalty and attachment	87.9614486694336
. ” tell you a secret . ” french had 300,000 or 400,000 francs to pay this month in france ; and , knowing your strict punctuality , have collected all the bills bearing your signature , and charged me as they became due to present them , and to employ the money otherwise . ” ” the count added , turning to franz , “ here is luigi vampa , who will himself express to you his deep regret at the mistake he has committed . ” from his present dungeon into another , even if it were darker and deeper , for a change , however <unk> , was still a change , and would afford him some amusement . ” replied danglars , “ you	59.81597900390625
are three parts drunk ; finish the bottle , and you will be completely so . when mademoiselle eugénie perceives i am but a <unk> atom , with scarcely as many hundred thousand francs as she has <unk> ” monte cristo smiled . the old servant , have made a mistake , and have given madame de saint-méran a dose prepared for his master ? ” ” more painfully perceived by young d ’ <unk> so was the don quixote of this second <unk> <unk> his not being able to conceal from himself the ridiculous appearance that such a steed gave him , good horseman as he was . , he remained standing like a man in consternation , with the deepest affliction depicted on his face .	83.25715637207031
know , ” shouted a chorus of horsemen . the man , the king would have been rescued . ” ” both forewarned . ” that <unk> like those of the <unk> spaniards , <unk> , and <unk> , and the other has fists big enough to crush an ox at one blow . in bands <unk> from one hundred to two hundred , pale and haggard men , clothed in rags , who bore a sort of standard on which was inscribed these words : “ behold the misery of the people ! ” wherever these men passed , <unk> cries were heard ; and there were so many of these bands that the cries were to be heard in all directions . whom d ’ artagnan	58.28330612182617
had impressed the necessity of absolute silence and who did not even now begin to comprehend the scheme of his friend , which was to follow mazarin in his visit to athos , he was simply mute . him to become still darker and more dense , and heavy clouds seemed to sweep down towards him ; at the same time he felt a sharp pain in his knee . valentine should see him , hidden as he was , he thought he heard the shadow at the window call him ; his disturbed mind told him so . , i tell you . ” said danglars , tapping his fingers against the door , “ i think it is quite time to think of giving me something	54.952056884765625
to eat ! ” . monte cristo , striving to repress his emotion , “ if lord wilmore was your unknown benefactor , i fear you will never see him again . should require more , ” continued monte cristo in a careless manner , “ why , of course , i should draw upon you ; but my present intention is not to remain in france more than a year , and during that period i scarcely think i shall exceed the sum i mentioned . who smiled . was now high time to come to the assistance of anne . , ” said the count ; “ above all , if , as i suppose , it is payable at sight . ” . . ”	30.225341796875
overtake him before we reach <unk> you shall have twenty francs ; if not before louvres , thirty . ” travelling have a sort of claim on one ; they everywhere expect to receive the same attention which you once paid them by chance , as though the civilities of a passing hour were likely to awaken any lasting interest in favor of the man in whose society you may happen to be thrown in the course of your journey . accident . ! ” said she . the youth in an attitude full of tender melancholy ; he looked long on this young man , whose smiling mouth and half closed eyes bespoke soft dreams and <unk> slumber , as if his guardian angel watched over him	103.2630386352539
with solicitude and affection . gaetano , lowering his voice , “ i do not know if what they say is true ” —he stopped to see if anyone was near . ” said beauchamp , much surprised ; “ surely you must be mistaken . ” that before a week is past the door will be closed against me . ” glittered . is the same man whom i rescued from the hands of the banditti at rome . ” rays , each resolving itself into some strange form to her disordered imagination , when suddenly by its flickering light valentine thought she saw the door of her library , which was in the recess by the chimney-piece , open slowly , though she in vain listened	64.62553405761719
for the sound of the hinges on which it turned . off the two diamond studs from the shoulder of the duke of buckingham ; it was you who had madame bonacieux carried off ; it was you who , in love with de wardes and thinking to pass the night with him , opened the door to monsieur d ’ artagnan ; it was you who , believing that de wardes had deceived you , wished to have him killed by his rival ; it was you who , when this rival had discovered your infamous secret , wished to have him killed in his turn by two assassins , whom you sent in pursuit of him ; it was you who , finding the balls had	43.533321380615234
missed their mark , sent poisoned wine with a forged letter , to make your victim believe that the wine came from his friends . the rolling of the carriage , which at the approach of the musketeers set off at a gallop . line of carriages moved on again , and while he descended the piazza del popolo , the other ascended towards the palazzo di venezia . actor ( <unk> ) . ; i could the more easily distrust you . edmond <unk> hopes . famous massacres took place in the south of france . much about such a trifle as that ! the young men with the moderation of a good <unk> . , and have come out fifteen feet from where i intended .	77.25297546386719
second means , and lifted the assassin onto his shoulders at the moment the enemy fired . , athos , ” said d ’ artagnan , shrugging his shoulders . betraying marks have attracted other eyes than those for whom they were made ? ” asked the young man . ’ preparation ; at the end of that time i shall come and say to you , ‘ the assertion is false , and i retract it , ’ or ‘ the assertion is true , ’ when i shall immediately draw the sword from its sheath , or the pistols from the case , whichever you please . ” bonacieux could endure , depressed as he was by the successive emotions which he had experienced ; he	55.06400680541992
uttered a feeble groan which might have been taken for the last sigh of a dying man , and fainted . , i must be satisfied that you are the person i am in search of . ” father was by her side . and opened it . but it seemed that morrel expected <unk> had occasioned the noise , and something must follow . dantès was absent . overcome , the troop pursued their course with their accustomed ardor ; but some of the horses could no longer sustain this pace ; three of them stopped after an hour ’ s gallop , and one fell down . front of the window , upon the <unk> of which he had leaned with his elbow , and knitted	45.602237701416016
his brow like a man disquieted . of meung , described the unknown gentleman with the greatest minuteness , and all with a warmth and truthfulness that delighted m. de tréville . good ! to my request , i promise you never to mention another word about escaping . ” lord , ” said the lad ; “ but will you have the kindness to wait a moment ? ” by some invisible influence towards the count , in which terror was strangely mingled , felt an extreme reluctance to permit his friend to be exposed alone to the singular fascination that this mysterious personage seemed to exercise over him , and therefore made no objection to albert ’ s request , but at once accompanied him to	58.81399917602539
the desired spot , and , after a short delay , the count joined them in the salon . leave en ... the temples of d ’ artagnan , who arose , and replied : then , to dispose of that part of your fortune which the law allows you to <unk> from the inheritance of your son ? ” noirtier made no answer . the news a quarter of an hour after m. de tréville , for they were the first to whom he communicated it . aramis ; “ it surprises me that two such heroes as porthos and d ’ artagnan should have allowed themselves to be arrested by eight men . ” ” as i perceive . ” ” replied the queen , “	36.76387023925781
i have heard of his great and rapid successes of battles gained . ! o ’ clock at st . took up the portmanteau , which she had placed for a moment on the ground , and they reached the archway under the shadow of the wall . ? ” returned d ’ artagnan ; “ we are saved ! ” dantès , “ the various circumstances mentioned in the letter were wholly unknown to him . ” in la carconte , “ those two could crush you at a single blow ! ” . ” if renée could see me , i hope she would be satisfied , and would no longer call me a <unk> . ” the door ? ” the king , monsieur ;	35.46086502075195
i was going to drink a small glass of it if fourreau had not told me i was called . ” ” story simply , with the <unk> of names . come ? ” said he . , this is the secret of my conduct towards you . in a <unk> filled with river herbs and weeds , the other with rushes and lake plants ; they were placed in a wagon built on purpose , and thus the sterlet lived twelve days , the lamprey eight , and both were alive when my cook seized them , killing one with <unk> and the other with wine . us the favor of his company ; you will , i hope , be grateful for it ; porthos ,	71.06128692626953
do not lose sight of his eminence . ” the count ; “ only , as you see , the carnival has commenced . was tremulous with anger . what a pace he <unk> the wind ! ” with his fugitive forces , passed near the group formed by athos , raoul and aramis . man all the facts we have just narrated ; his story , however , had over ours all the advantage of the animation of living things over the coldness of dead things . . ” look yonder , ” he whispered ; “ don ’ t you see in the darkness something pass by , like shadows ? dear boy ; they will come in due season ; it is only a question	57.947139739990234
of how much shall be charged for them. ” morcerf then , with that delighted philosophy which believes that nothing is impossible to a full purse or <unk> pocketbook , supped , went to bed , slept soundly , and dreamed he was <unk> all over rome at carnival time in a coach with six horses . pistoles ; there remains , then , three hundred and fifty . ” going to do there ? ” , ” said athos . majesty had said , was really furious , so furious that during eight days he <unk> himself from the king ’ s gaming table . fetch me ? ” asked he . ” chatillon stammered out . anything to me . mordaunt , “ are you not	65.3113784790039
afraid that they will recognize you ? ” the contrary , —you are still young , handsome , dignified ; it is because you have had faith ; because you have had strength , because you have had trust in god , and god has sustained you . if you please ? ” , has <unk> you to take this step , one for which the court is deeply indebted to you , and which is perfectly natural , considering your birth and your misfortunes ? ’ — ‘ sir , ’ replied haydée , ‘ i have been led to take this step from a feeling of respect and grief . danglars . tenderness of milady ; he almost believed in the crime of de wardes .	48.23456954956055
say ! to the present moment , the duty i had to fulfill toward you ; the rest concerns another person . ” a quarter of an hour and just as twilight was beginning to thicken , a carriage appeared , coming at a quick pace on the road of sèvres . by the window , in order to be there the sooner , ” cried d ’ artagnan . are about , gentlemen ! ” said a clear voice which seemed accustomed to command . , and while his companion was dipping the fingers with which he had touched the lips of the corpse in <unk> of <unk> , he uncovered the calm and pale face , which looked like that of a sleeping angel . do	49.00228500366211
, then , to-night ? ” to negotiate with the pope for a cardinal ’ s hat for him ; but he knew how little reliance should be placed on such promises , made by the queen and mazarin . effectually force you ; ” and monte cristo drew another packet from his pocket . cavaliers , one covered with a gilt cuirass , the other wearing simply a buff doublet , from which fell the sleeves of a vest of blue velvet , charged in front . ” asked the queen . invite m. and madame de morcerf to your dinner ? ” from his horse and had not been seen to rise ; every one , therefore , believed him to be dead , especially those	48.30466842651367
to whom his death would give promotion . how i passed that time ! me , ” said planchet , “ but is it really the king who is lying there ? ” and notwithstanding his well-known difficulty of utterance , addressed them as follows : ” in the chateau de pierrefonds ! ” ” replied dantès . let us attend to what is most pressing . ” indiscreet ? ” she murmured to herself , then said aloud : villefort , attracted by the noise , appeared on the threshold . letter , monseigneur . ” , then , so much ? ” at the door of his own house , which adjoined the palais de justice , he entered , after having , coldly saluted the	35.512229919433594
shipowner , who stood , as if petrified , on the spot where villefort had left him . the musketeer . good friend . , ” said caderousse ; “ you have saved my life once , save me again ! ” lad , however young he might be . but turning her beautiful head round upon her pillow , she burst into tears , and uttered <unk> sobs . , or cause him to be <unk> care very little about that ! ” said grimaud , writing down his figures . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ that i must have that letter . ” interrupted aramis , “ permit me to observe to you that you have not acted in this affair as a	32.390804290771484
gallant man ought . ” ” said albert , “ if you think my apology sufficient , pray give me your hand . woman , what have they done with you ? ” who stands in your way . ” are more meritorious and more <unk> ” answered mazarin , “ that i shall attempt nothing ; i give you my word of honor . ” than a hundred pistoles ’ worth ! ’ s musketeers ? ” said the voice ; “ you are monsieur d ’ artagnan ? ” that manner and have been quite successful . ” is arrested because he has defended the people ! ; it is he who raised your father ’ s head on the point of a <unk> ; it	22.759916305541992
is he who sold us ; it is he who forsook us ! ? ” the guards . said grimaud , from the bottom of the hold . dry land ; the young man stamped on the ground to shake off the wet , and looked around for someone to show him his road , for it was quite dark . between dantès and his old friend . do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements , we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate . porthos , who was breathing like a <unk> ’ s <unk> ; “ why , he is made of iron . ” monte	54.095062255859375
cristo “ you promised me never to mention that circumstance . ” high treason , ” said the cardinal , slowly . d ’ artagnan , beside himself with joy . , which , at the same time , tells my right-hand correspondent that i am ready , while it gives notice to my left-hand correspondent to prepare in his turn . ” , go ; grimaud will accompany you with his musketoon . ” of my mother , count ; look at her , <unk> beautiful , witty , more charming than ever . ? ” ; perhaps you may not have to retract . ” height of his despair god assisted him through human means . de tréville wanted . . to-morrow morning at six o	48.81376647949219
’ clock , louis , to bathe at <unk> ? our project ? ” the king had already gone out by another door . to witness your grief ? the reckoning , while d ’ artagnan and planchet stood at the street door . dantès proudly , “ it was only to summon assistance for you . ” grandfather with a smile of intense gratitude , and villefort was biting his lips with vexation , while madame de villefort could not succeed in <unk> an inward feeling of joy , which , in spite of herself , appeared in her whole countenance . continued the banker , “ you have perfectly explained to me the sentiments which influence a girl like you , who is determined she will	38.14915466308594
not marry ; now it remains for me to tell you the motives of a father like me , who has decided that his daughter shall marry . ” . ” caution of monte cristo ; she fancied that the hand not holding the phial clasped a long sharp knife . told him that long since , and i did only what any other would have done in my circumstances , and perhaps less . footstep was heard descending the wooden staircase that led from the upper floor , and , with many bows and courteous smiles , the host of the pont du gard besought his guest to enter . there are traitors here ; but by the holy name of the virgin , i swear that	51.948856353759766
no one is more devoted to your majesty than i am . artagnan took quarters in that hotel , the mistress of the house , a pretty and fresh looking flemish woman , twenty-five or twenty-six years old , had been singularly interested in him ; and after certain love passages , much obstructed by an inconvenient husband to whom a dozen times d ’ artagnan had made a pretence of passing a sword through his body , that husband had disappeared one fine morning , after furtively selling certain choice lots of wine , carrying away with him money and jewels . it , and i grant you my pardon ; but upon one condition . ” the cardinal , who could not believe what he heard	82.48038482666016
, “ dead ! in her eyes and every mark of affection of a true mother , approached valentine and took her hand . doing ? ” asked madame danglars . more , that ’ s all , i see plainly enough . said danglars , “ it would not be a bad speculation , i fancy , and you know i am a speculator . ” at this explanation of the thoughts which had unconsciously been working in his mind , or rather soul ; for there are two distinct sorts of ideas , those that proceed from the head and those that emanate from the heart . , my son , ” said anne of austria . herself , milady could not help starting ; and	40.50725555419922
as in pronouncing the last words lord de winter placed his hand upon the arm of his sister , this start did not escape him . musket hovered over his head , and he could scarcely restrain himself from closing his eyes , when with one bound guiche reached the spaniard and placed a pistol at his throat . mr. o ’ reilly , you are my prisoner . officer felt the point of the poniard , which , having penetrated through his clothes , was close to his heart . continued king louis , who at the first glance had sounded the abyss on which the monarchy hung suspended , — “ to fall , and learn of that fall by telegraph ! are going to spoil	65.53274536132812
<unk> is going on famously . of m. morrel , to whom , next to my father , i owe every blessing i enjoy , every difficulty has been removed . pity ! ” murmured villefort , wringing his hands . count of monte cristo is an intimate acquaintance of lord wilmore , a rich foreigner , who is sometimes seen in paris and who is there at this moment ; he is also known to the abbé busoni , a sicilian priest , of high <unk> in the east , where he has done much good . ” laid out in such a way as to afford the fullest scope for the imagination , and furnished with thickly grown trees , beneath whose <unk> screen a visionary	57.50104522705078
like myself may conjure up phantoms at will . , and the jailer , addressing himself to bertuccio , said : cloister , ” said the executioner , “ and you left it to ruin my brother . ” to war with a nation . , d ’ artagnan could not bear alone the weight of that falsehood . dead , all will indeed be at an end , my lord , but quite otherwise than you mean . ” the first step of the door and , with his hat in hand , prepared to pass by the two friends , motioning to the four men to follow him . to avoid dishonor by death ; let me take refuge in martyrdom . that faria , in	40.57075500488281
spite of the relief his society afforded , daily grew sadder ; one thought seemed incessantly to <unk> and distract his mind . . ” capital arrangement . on the first day of every month , and you will receive the same sum . ” their supper the queen feigned extreme fatigue and passed into her bedroom . , fernand ? ” he said . a powerful dose of brucine or of strychnine , which by some mistake , perhaps , has been given to her . ” said morrel . his hiding-place three or four rolls of linen , laid one over the other , like folds of <unk> . perfectly straight line upon his upper lip ; he appeared to dread to lower his hands lest	78.10150909423828
their veins should swell , and he pinched the tips of his ears from time to time to preserve their delicate pink <unk> . the usurper , then ? ’ myself , for i feel that the most beautiful , noblest , most sublime thing in the world , is to recompense and <unk> ’ satan bowed his head , and groaned . . ” penetrating eye . fellow ; even his <unk> are of use . ” have done all that we could . ” you know then— ” of the gate of saint honore they met a third troop ; this latter party was composed of ill-looking fellows , who resembled bandits more than anything else ; they were the men of the beggar of saint	63.9044303894043
eustache . ” at least , ” said morrel . in any case , and is still less so on the part of those who came to bring the queen the message of a liar . ” athos ? ” cried d ’ artagnan . , as i have told you ; had he lived , mercédès , perchance , had not become the wife of another , for he would have been there to reproach her infidelity . gone some few steps away , again returned , and pale with joy extended both hands towards valentine through the opening . a wife , who through everything has behaved like an angel ; he has a daughter , who was about to marry the man she loved ,	36.167510986328125
but whose family now will not allow him to wed the daughter of a ruined man ; he has , besides , a son , a lieutenant in the army ; and , as you may suppose , all this , instead of <unk> , only <unk> his sorrows . would like capital . ” , ” muttered d ’ artagnan . who detest those unhappy princes , beauchamp , and are always delighted to find fault with them ; but not for me , who discover a gentleman by instinct , and who scent out an aristocratic family like a very bloodhound of heraldry . ” ” said the duke . . two or three marines , who brought her trunks and <unk> , deposited them in	49.514583587646484
a corner , and retired without speaking . sweetness ? ” who were to conduct milady to fort la pointe , and superintend her embarkation . front seat , lay two <unk> of <unk> in front of porthos and the other of d ’ artagnan . enough to inflict on me a great and <unk> misfortune . ” returned the other , smiling . me he was a young man ? , less from etiquette than because her knees were sinking under her . need of a back door for retreat . ” your best friend , dantès , for he is my friend , my cousin , my brother ; it is fernand—the man whom , after you , edmond , i love the best in the	50.17218780517578
world . ” said athos , sipping a glass of sparkling wine . then ? ” said the host in spanish . refund - if you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it , you can receive a refund of the money ( if any ) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from . morrel , that woman—— ” hard . ” she , “ the sum you required me to borrow was rather large . ” the purpose of <unk> milady , ” said athos , coolly , “ it is useless ; you will not find her . ” the left . ” andrea leaped with a lighter heart from	37.46140670776367
the window , intending to slip through the hands of the gendarmes . , count . ” fighting ! ” his pocket , and gave them to the man who had twice unconsciously pitied him . profit by this opportunity to see the ceremony ; and porthos , in full dress , mounted his finest horse , taking the part of supernumerary musketeer , as d ’ artagnan had so often done formerly . opponent ’ s weapon with an amount of strength which the gascon was astonished to find in a form apparently so feeble ; but thanks to a parry no less clever than that which mordaunt had just achieved , he succeeded in meeting his sword , which slid along his own without touching his	56.310359954833984
chest . first grotto ; he had now to seek the second . , very rough at this period of the year all along the sea coast , destroyed every day some little vessel ; and the shore , from the point of l ’ aiguillon to the trenches , was at every tide literally covered with the wrecks of <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> . , and to judge of everything for myself , hoping the explanation would be in your father ’ s favor , and that i might do him justice . beauchamp , “ we shall see our friend ! ” still in a desponding mood . him ? ” safe in prison , and they are just sufficiently culpable for us to	55.34128952026367
keep them in prison as long as we find it convenient . be shown into the room wherein he was to sleep , without in the least concerning himself as to where his wife and daughter were to repose . _ ” said aramis , “ it was only this : i had a dream , and i related it to her . ” himself humiliated in having only procured one meal and a half for his <unk> the breakfast at the priest ’ s could only be counted as half a <unk> return for the <unk> which athos , porthos , and aramis had procured him . <unk> darkness and listened . him at the stables of the hôtel des gardes . to be done ? ”	48.5483512878418
monte cristo ; “ so this gentleman is an <unk> ? ” lips and turned away his head in a disdainful manner , saying , “ he ’ s too ugly . ” she gave it me last night . madame , i have made over to him the estate of bragelonne , my inheritance , which will give him ten thousand francs a year and the title of vicomte . ” up in strict accordance with oriental ideas ; the <unk> were covered with the richest carpets turkey could produce ; the walls hung with <unk> silk of the most magnificent designs and texture ; while around each chamber luxurious divans were placed , with piles of soft and yielding cushions , that needed only to be	68.60552215576172
arranged at the pleasure or convenience of such as sought repose . him . such a beast was worth at least twenty livres ; and the words which had accompanied the present were above all price . in all cases to know that , whether acting for or against him , as a friend or an enemy , she would not remain motionless without great impediments ; but whence did these impediments arise ? until six in the morning come in by the window . ” proofs against him . ” could not have become more ghastly pale . , signor aladdin ; it is <unk> purest and most <unk> hashish of alexandria , —the hashish of <unk> , the celebrated maker , the only man , the	106.49321746826172
man to whom there should be built a palace , inscribed with these words , _a grateful world to the dealer in <unk> . ” in pushing the bolt , milady turned round . later he was with the marshal . felton , “ it is nothing . ” curiosity mingled with hatred ; i wished to see what villefort was going to do there , and i remained motionless , holding my breath . ? ” dear bonacieux ; i don ’ t conceal this from you . ” give up broussel , sir ? substance partly solid , of which it was impossible to discover the color , owing to the reflection of the polished gold , sapphires , rubies , emeralds , which ornamented the	59.20624542236328
box . athos , “ would be quite another thing ; and we should <unk> see land until we were upon the other side of the <unk> . ” , ’ said la carconte . i shall be ready ; only i believed that monsieur had but one horse in the guard stables . ” the very worst offence they could possibly commit ; for , don ’ t you see , renée , the king is the father of his people , and he who shall plot or contrive <unk> against the life and safety of the parent of thirty-two millions of souls , is a <unk> upon a fearfully great scale ? ” to be married , there is nothing like implicit confidence ; but never	67.99772644042969
mind that , my boy , —go and announce your arrival , and let her know all your hopes and prospects . ” and son-in-law stepped into the same carriage , and morrel , seeing them pass , became uneasy . said , “ i can tell you what is at present unknown to her majesty . favor to bring us some spanish wine and then to withdraw . . ” that in one of the furtive glances she darted from time to time at the grating of the door she thought she saw the ardent eyes of the young man through the narrow opening . in much disorder ; i am not much of a hand at figures , so that i live almost from hand to	62.06373977661133
mouth . ” with all three , exchanged hats with winter and went out . paris ; at seven o ’ clock he and raoul directed their steps to the rue des tournelles ; it was stopped by porters , horses and footmen . with his heel and continued his way . ” this gentleman , monsieur ? ” inquired emmanuel . ? ” asked the baron , rising and going a step backward . a serene smile just at the moment he was bowing to her . words in a low voice , then the tall man made a sign to the musketeer that he might come in . . it appeared to d ’ artagnan that he had embraced a statue . what matters it ?	31.322738647460938
of each of <unk> on arriving in france . d ’ artagnan , laughing , “ you could eat a piece of mouston , couldn ’ t you , especially after two or three days of fasting ? ” madame de villefort . reflection . see me , thinking to make me happy . him in a low voice , and the king was very pale . doubts as to the nature of the conference ; he therefore quickly went to the gate in the <unk> , prepared to hear the result of the proceedings , and very certain that valentine would hasten to him the first moment she should be set at liberty . ” a musketeer ; i feel it , monsieur , and that impels	34.49650573730469
me on . ” honor , ” returned the count , “ that i mean to do as i have said ; both inclination and positive necessity compel me to visit paris . ” m. de villefort spoke of it to me—a paralysis , i think . ” said the baron . least two men fell ; but the march of those who remained was not <unk> . in the shade of the corridor , and the young lieutenant , with whom we are already acquainted , stopped at the threshold to receive the orders of the baron . his head modestly in at the half-open door , and told his master that the horses were ready . , and our little fortune increased . the marquise de	41.60062026977539
saint-méran , a woman with a stern , forbidding eye , though still noble and distinguished in appearance , despite her fifty <unk> “ ah , these revolutionists , who have driven us from those very possessions they afterwards purchased for a mere trifle during the reign of terror , would be compelled to own , were they here , that all true devotion was on our side , since we were content to follow the fortunes of a falling monarch , while they , on the contrary , made their fortune by <unk> the rising sun ; yes , yes , they could not help admitting that the king , for whom we sacrificed rank , wealth , and station was truly our ‘ louis the <unk>	116.78765869140625
, ’ while their wretched usurper has been , and ever will be , to them their evil genius , their ‘ napoleon the <unk> ’ am i not right , villefort ? ” carriage ! ” cried the people . at the end of the <unk> strip about a week ago . placed it on a projecting stone above the bed , whence its tremulous light fell with strange and fantastic ray on the distorted countenance and motionless , stiffened body . read in mazarin ’ s face the occasion of this unexpected visit , since the cardinal usually came to her apartment only after every one had retired . <unk> , upon the <unk> of the archbishop ’ s chateau . athos to go straight to	84.58666229248047
the minister . daylight are twenty leagues distant . ” the hôtel des gardes . s silence , and then a voice , in excellent french , although , with a foreign accent , said : many ways , but without attaching you to my person . ” a heart that he can not understand hatred ; is so loyal that he does not suspect treason ! tones of a voice which penetrated the inmost recesses of his heart ; his eyes met those of the young girl and he could not bear their brilliancy . learn philosophy ? ” there is no communication between m. noirtier ’ s apartment and that of madame de saint-méran , and barrois never entered my mother-in-law ’ s room . was	42.679779052734375
a merciless war between <unk> war to the death . at torlonia ’ s with the countess <unk> ” then he drew his watch from his pocket , that he might see how time sped . for the letter . ” the count of monte cristo bought that house ? not have let slip an opportunity of drinking a glass of this liqueur , and at the same time leaving some trace of himself . ” the end of some seconds two sharp taps were heard inside . count would speak to her , while on his side the count thought she was about to address him ; but both remained silent , and after a mere bow , monte cristo directed his steps to albert , who	48.88680648803711
received him cordially . i was indeed alone , —no noise disturbed the silence but the owl , whose piercing cry seemed to be calling up the phantoms of the night . very fine girl , and fine girls never lack followers ; she particularly has them by <unk> . ” endeavor to get to the end of our story , beauchamp ; i told you that yesterday madame made inquiries of me upon the subject ; enlighten me , and i will then communicate my information to her . ” consider these praises the result of blind maternal affection , but there is a soul of iron in that delicate , fragile body . this is cruel of you , ” said julie , much affected ;	112.90624237060547
and the young lady ’ s eyes swam with tears . d ’ artagnan , “ they will have left a chicken , at <unk> ” he dismounted and knocked on the door . of the <unk> ” remembered the tale he had told his friends on a certain evening . the duke , “ i must confess i sometimes think of it . ” the young man ’ s brow , and he felt as if he should faint . franz , “ then you are a smuggler occasionally , gaetano ? ” left the kitchen on the right , and entered the reception room . said , “ you are , i fear , gained over to the court . , ” answered the young man	23.10595703125
, much moved . he seemed to sink into a <unk> abyss , whence he awoke , bathed in perspiration and nearly as much overcome as if he had really fallen . by the calmness , even the gayety of the queen ’ s manner . the environs of the castle , ” thought d ’ artagnan . had secured the key , shut himself up in the closet without reply . his turn . , but it was too late . re right , ” replied the companion . your way ? ” he said to the executioner , raising his long locks ; “ if so , they can be tied up . ” terrible smile which was peculiar to him on such occasions , and	33.31132125854492
athos , who saw the duke advancing toward aramis with the rapidity of lightning , was just going to cry out , “ fire ! ” asked morrel . ? ” said the young captain . an accent which would have made the count shudder had he heard him . said , “ ’ tis a warning from heaven . magnificent prison . flashes succeeded one another more rapidly , the thunder began to growl , and the wind , the <unk> of a hurricane , whistled in the plumes and the hair of the horsemen . object ; i stooped to <unk> was the second pistol , which had not gone off , probably from the powder being wet . half-open eyes , to answer this noisy	53.63629150390625
summons , and d ’ artagnan sprang with such violence into the room as nearly to overturn the astonished lackey . you will give me one of them . travel with them . ” , edmond ; what you have just done is <unk> is grand ; it is sublime . ” mademoiselle ! ” cried franz , “ your grandfather says he can indicate the person . franz . i could have laid low a head so beautiful , with a face so pale . ” do there ? ” , maximilian , to cease trifling , and tell me what you really mean . ” into his sleeping-room , and fastened the door inside . no responsibility . electronic work is derived from texts not protected	41.444847106933594
by u.s. copyright law ( does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder ) , the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges . know how to make you leave your home ! ” replied albert , clasping in his convulsed grasp the glove , which monte cristo did not lose sight of . know something about it . the grasp of porthos , was all the reply of poor blaisois , for the giant , taking him neck and heels , plunged him into the water <unk> , pushing him out of the window as if he had been a plank . ” said d ’ artagnan ;	32.453006744384766
“ you have at some wicket of the louvre a _concierge_ who is devoted to you , and who , thanks to a password , <unk> ” , ” returned the count ; “ and i will endeavor to give you no cause to regret your old master . ” s ’ est <unk> ce <unk> ; <unk> <unk> <unk> ’ <unk> <unk> <unk> le mazarin . , my dear sir , ” replied aramis , coldly , very little sensible to the reparation . and pray begin at the beginning ; i like order in everything . ” trod under his feet , for d ’ artagnan made these reflections while walking <unk> along a pretty little road which led from the camp to the village of	42.98170852661133
<unk> . ” he said , “ why you had me brought here to this desolate spot , in the midst of the ocean , to this subterranean palace ; it was because you loved me , was it not , count ? , ” said valentine , smiling . the quai des <unk> <unk> , while the two friends went to ring at the bell of the unfortunate porthos . asked porthos . ” and horses , servants . ” ! ” and she rushed out of the room . to move , and started off at a moment ’ s notice . , to which he left the charge of its own preservation , and in three or four strokes was at the gentleman ’ s	22.527189254760742
side ; he seized the horse at once by the <unk> and raised its head above water ; the animal began to breathe again and , as if he comprehended that they had come to his aid , redoubled his efforts . composed my repast ; then i drew another glass of water from my protecting fountain , and drank it . morrel , “ death is in itself sacred . ” athos , “ what were you saying just now about growing old ? weapon again , his lips parted and his eyes fixed on the clock , and then shuddered at the click of the trigger as he cocked the pistol . cardinal , ” muttered the prince . them here . break when athos arose	70.88040161132812
and dressed himself . approached the count , and presented the letter . severest cold , was obliged for want of fire to remain in bed . it ! ” replied d ’ artagnan , who knew nothing about it , but who wished to appear to know everything that was going on . ” said beauchamp . kind of vertigo . , ” said the cardinal , “ that ’ s it . ” ? ” asked monte cristo . ; even if the powerful voice of nature should be silent , you can not well mistake him ; he will enter by this door . there , i would have cut off the head of that infamous being without thinking of it , or even after	29.699556350708008
thinking of it . , whom everyone might have thought plunged in grief , the one on her own account , the other from interest in her friend , burst out laughing , as they cleared away every visible trace of the disorder which had naturally accompanied the preparations for their escape . like two brothers , and each wrapping himself in his cloak they soon passed into that kindly sleep of youth which is the <unk> of birds , flowers and infants . pocket of the officer all the keys it contained and first opened the door of the room in which they were , then shut it and double-locked it , and both he and the duke proceeded rapidly down the gallery which led to the	95.31890106201172
little inclosure . ” said villefort . where you will wait for intelligence from the cardinal ; let me know always where to find you . ” passed through all the streets lying between the archbishopric and the st. eustache church , watching carefully to ascertain the popular feeling . to me as a marquis , so he ought to be a count ; but i do not think he has much claim to that title . ” ones , ” returned monte cristo . o ’ clock for the departure , and as athos was watching raoul mount , a groom rode up from the duchess de chevreuse . exclaimed , and so sweet did the sound appear to her , that she repeated <unk> “ maximilian	54.596900939941406
! —has he then owned all to you ? ” franz . dark , ” said athos , perceiving that lord de winter seemed more uneasy than he wished to appear ; “ and you have no servant . ” . ” smile lighted the <unk> features of the young woman . ” continued the young girl in a calm and self-possessed tone of voice , “ we will conform to circumstances , and be guided by the wishes of our friends , so long as those wishes do not tend finally to separate us ; in a word , and i repeat it , because it expresses all i wish to convey , —we will wait . ” a quarter of an hour perfectly hidden by the	49.05379867553711
shadow of the vast column at whose base he had found a resting-place , and from whence his eyes followed the motions of albert and his guides , who , holding torches in their hands , had emerged from a <unk> at the opposite extremity of the colosseum , and then again disappeared down the steps conducting to the seats reserved for the vestal virgins , resembling , as they glided along , some restless shades following the flickering glare of so many <unk> <unk> . remains ? ” said caderousse . , like that which precedes some awful <unk> of nature , pervaded the assembly , who shuddered in dismay . , if you do not know their address . , and seizing the knife which felton	74.07796478271484
had laid down , exclaimed , “ and by what right will you prevent me from dying ? ” away , the count thought he heard a slight noise in the dressing-room ; this first sound , or rather this first <unk> , was followed by a second , then a third ; at the fourth , the count knew what to expect . hand , and fought with his left hand . let us change the subject . the diamond you have on your finger . and do not annoy me in this way . d ’ artagnan ? ” asked lord de winter . do ? ” he cried ; “ one of them is trembling with fever , having failed to adapt himself to this	34.18852996826172
charming country of yours , and the other is a knight of malta , as timid as a young girl ; and for greater security we have taken from them even their <unk> and pocket scissors . ” morrel still more than valentine ’ s absence had done . d ’ artagnan ; “ a quarter of an hour to go to the tent , a quarter of an hour to return ; it is more than we <unk> ” then turning , without the least change of countenance , to porthos , he said , looking him full in the face : “ friend porthos , listen to this ; first , not a syllable to either of our friends of what you have heard ; it	47.19253158569336
is unnecessary for them to know the service we are going to render them . ” . to announce me , mademoiselle , ” returned the englishman . , who , during the observations of the two friends , had passed and repassed behind them several times , stopped at the name of de winter ; but as his face betrayed no emotion at mention of this name , it might have been by chance he stood so still . said mme . sixty thousand francs income . noirtier with an expression of sinister joy . had shut the street door and she found herself alone ; “ that imbecile lacked but one thing : to become a cardinalist . an eagerness that showed the gascon that he	48.76919174194336
had some personal interest in the matter . i am not offended , ” answered she , “ but do you not see what a poor , helpless being i am , almost a stranger and an outcast in my father ’ s house , where even he is seldom seen ; whose will has been thwarted , and spirits broken , from the age of ten years , beneath the iron <unk> so sternly held over me ; oppressed , mortified , and persecuted , day by day , hour by hour , minute by minute , no person has cared for , even observed my sufferings , nor have i ever breathed one word on the subject save to yourself . project gutenberg literary archive foundation	79.33800506591797
and how your efforts and donations can help , see sections 3 and 4 and the foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org . replied morrel ; “ i will go away . ” ” silence ; but at length the two englishmen felt ashamed to draw back , and the <unk> one descended the five or six steps which led to the cellar , and gave a kick against the door enough to split a wall . : man has found but one means of <unk> it , and that one comes from god . his hand with the air of supreme command which characterized him alone , drew out his sword and the scabbard at the same time , broke the blade in the sheath on his knee	46.12786865234375
and threw the pieces to his right . to commit a robbery , to spoil all my good <unk> yours with <unk> both of us to be dragged down there again ? ” whistled through the <unk> branches , and yet the drops fell from my forehead . mutual esteem ; but the queen , who at first sanctioned their affection , changed her mind , and monsieur , the duc d ’ orleans , who had encouraged the familiarity between them , has forbidden his daughter to think any more about the union . sweet and suppliant , seeing that look , so timid and downcast , felton reproached himself . awake , madame , ” he said ; “ then i have nothing more to do	66.45133209228516
here . <unk> home . ” tréville chapter iii . to bear a charmed life . ; the poor man was recovering with difficulty the order in his house , in which he had found most of the furniture broken and the closets nearly <unk> not being one of the three things which king <unk> names as leaving no traces of their passage . the enemy it was slowly ; we were forbidden to draw first and we were marching toward the spaniards , who were on a height with lowered muskets . king was about to say and interrupted him : the questioner . the wounded man , “ believe me , there is no time to lose ; the ball has broken the thigh bone and	62.35384750366211
entered the intestines . ” ’ clock in the morning , and yet this morning had already brought him into disgrace with m. de tréville , who could not fail to think the manner in which d ’ artagnan had left him a little cavalier . in the war for <unk> . to be sure , kitty , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ be at ease , my girl . excuses to the marquise and mademoiselle renée , whom i leave on such a day with great regret . ” some remorse ; did you ever remark that ? ” for example , ” said richelieu : “ when , in <unk> , for a cause similar to that which moves the duke , king henry	33.17710876464844
iv. , of glorious memory , was about , at the same time , to <unk> flanders and italy , in order to attack austria on both sides . me . ” in your creed ; but it was without wishing to do so , i swear . ” . ” out that she had a _fleur-de-lis_ on her shoulder ? ” cried porthos . the great satisfaction of all ; and while we are still gaping with wonder at the news , you come and tell us today , ‘ let us say no more about it . ’ ” him to me . ” was over ; we had done the business of both , admiring the foresight of our poor father , who had taken	35.95467758178711
the precaution to bring each of us up in a different religion . ” artagnan , ” said porthos , “ bid adieu to your sword and go with me to pierrefonds , to bracieux , or to du vallon . , will happen between now and then to make the execution impossible . ” him and placed a pistol to his throat . haydée , “ he did not dare to keep us , so we were sold to some <unk> who were going to constantinople . ’ clock in the afternoon ; i ascended into the red room , and waited for night . the young man , “ i had not looked upon it in that light . ” , thinks he is going to	31.41744613647461
do the same . ” joined with your persecutors . ” not willingly ; in appearance , not heart ; and that is exactly the snare the king ’ s enemies are preparing for the poor child . ” with the four thousand crowns , ” said château-renaud . my watch for 100 francs , and the guard and seals for <unk> . of each sort ? ” asked danglars . his room , the hostess arose ; andrea assumed his most charming smile , and asked if he could have no . february , 1815 . ” made from the second pressing of the grape . the young man entertained no doubt that it was his friend who held this dialogue from the interior with the lady	51.75100326538086
of the exterior . of the rue <unk> , he saw two persons coming out of the rue dauphine whose appearance very much struck him . after dinner ! mercédès , shaking her head , “ a woman becomes a bad manager , and who shall say she will remain an honest woman , when she loves another man better than her husband ? to lord de winter , who , kissing it respectfully , went out and traversed alone and <unk> those large , dark and deserted apartments , brushing away tears which , blase as he was by fifty years spent as a courtier , he could not withhold at the spectacle of royal distress so dignified , yet so intense . to do so .	74.32156372070312
” , valentine , ” said morrel ; “ all you do will be well done ; only if they disregard your prayers , if your father and madame de saint-méran insist that m. d ’ épinay should be called tomorrow to sign the <unk> ” his head . is <unk> , but i would rather have to do with them than with the late monsieur mordaunt . ” . the soldier . in <unk> is to rescue him from the hands of the banditti ; he <unk> himself to madame danglars—it is that he may give her a royal present ; your step-mother and her son pass before his door—it is that his nubian may save them from destruction . this , baron , that captain morrel	57.880558013916016
saved your life . ” that the chamber was informed of his father ’ s treason . ” , the terrible witness to whose charge you dare not plead “ not guilty ” ? is a merchant , placed me with his correspondent , who in turn sent his son to join our house in london . ” then , ” said the corporal . orchestra , and tables spread with refreshments ; the guests stopped , formed <unk> , and danced in any part of the grounds they pleased . d ’ artagnan , taking her hand , which , without thinking of it , she abandoned to him . his ear , to which the officer replied by a motion of his head . i was	52.03668212890625
in the trenches . fere , ” said a calm voice , though hoarse with running , “ is it your habit to calumniate the absent ? ” not to repeat a single word of what i am about to tell you ? ” the devil did you ask me for a uniform when you would have been so much better in a cassock ? ” d ’ artagnan said to him , “ i am pleased to find one with whom to talk in my own poor tongue . the answer , but finished with a groan . the carriage as if to bid her adieu , and she was to take away mme . returned to his apartment . through the crowd without a mask ,	35.81824493408203
and the ribbons of his doublet scarcely tied . said d ’ artagnan ; “ it ’ s a good omen , master <unk> out for the king . ” be mustered into the royal marines when he fell . ” , what is happening , and not to god . other object in coming to england but to see me ? ” . receiving an order from me , without knowing what he carries , and he will carry your majesty ’ s letter , without even knowing it is from your majesty , to the address which is on it . ” <unk> my mother , declares he is in despair about it . , and the thick and mephitic atmosphere he had expected to find	44.94899368286133
, dantès saw a dim and bluish light , which , as well as the air , entered , not merely by the aperture he had just formed , but by the interstices and crevices of the rock which were visible from without , and through which he could distinguish the blue sky and the waving branches of the <unk> <unk> , and the tendrils of the <unk> that grew from the rocks . have lost , believe me , my dear d ’ artagnan . to tell milady who he was , and with what a revengeful purpose he had come ; but she added , “ poor angel , whom that monster of a gascon barely failed to kill . ” ” said milady . ;	44.7835578918457
tomorrow you will be no more to me than a shadow , or rather , even , you will no longer exist . replied morrel . , then albert . ? ” inquired franz , taking the letter from him . in his arms , and laid him on the bed . that i have eaten nothing since ten o ’ clock this morning , and i am devilish hungry . ” window in this wall . ” is now our friend ? ” , ” said the host , “ that this is not the first time i have had the honor of seeing monsieur . ” murmured charles . read , and after conversing with her affectionately for a few minutes , dismissed her . accident	22.150447845458984
which has happened to your granddaughter ? ” dark in the past and that was cloudy in the future . ” said valentine , “ you mean that i have yet a kind grandfather left , do you <unk> ” the old man intimated that such was his meaning . be angry , i beg of you , that would be useless ; you know what is agreed upon between you , athos and me . a long time in the boat after the fearful scene described . full gallop , to cut off my head . , ” he said , “ here you are in full dress most fortunately , for i am going to take you to the cardinal ’ s . ” to have	35.0990104675293
made you the offer of these horses . into twenty-four hours , each hour into sixty minutes , and every minute <unk> into sixty seconds ? the exercise which invigorated monte cristo , was sleeping in an armchair near the window , while the count was <unk> with his architect the plan of a conservatory in his house , when the sound of a horse at full speed on the high road made albert look up . my lord ! ” said the incredulous soldier . using him ill ? , feeling that he could not long maintain his severity toward his prisoner , rushed out of the room . ? ” inquired athos ; “ is it known why ? ” ? ” ” have begun .	47.303409576416016
” ? ” timidly asked the old soldier . reproaching him for his unavailing <unk> , and <unk> the prostration of mind that followed them , he looked at me , and , smiling bitterly , opened a volume relating to the history of the city of rome . said athos ; “ with your permission , monsieur , i wish to speak a word with my friend . ” , but as he passed out he glanced at the curtain through which the queen had entered and at the bottom of the tapestry he remarked the tip of a velvet <unk> . ; and now—— ” but ascend and descend the steps which led to the chapel ; at night , in addition to <unk> and <unk>	43.48868179321289
, they were further obliged to leap twenty times out of their beds and prostrate themselves on the floor of their cells . , do the same . words in a foreign tongue . a hundred times , fernand , and really you must be very stupid to ask me again . ” , not perhaps in the best taste , but characteristic of d ’ artagnan , whose principal object was to divert his opponent ’ s attention , mordaunt did not reply , but continuing to turn around he succeeded in changing places with d ’ artagnan . enough—he has done nothing the whole of this blessed day ! monsieur cardinal , we shall see , ” said the king , who , in his joy	44.521568298339844
at finding the queen guilty of a crime which he cared little about , and innocent of a fault of which he had great dread , was ready to make up all <unk> with her , “ we shall see , but upon my honor , you are too indulgent toward her . ” tell me without questioning its meaning ; for instance , you told me to live , and i did live ; you told me to hope , and i almost did so . speaking seriously , athos ! ” said he ; “ the king is surrounded by an army , which is conducting him to london . why the women of this fine country , ‘ where sounds the <unk> , ’ as	47.046138763427734
dante writes , put so little restraint on their words and actions , is because they live so much in public , and have really nothing to conceal . excuse me , madame ; i wish to add nothing to the recital of these gentlemen until they perceive themselves that they have perhaps been mistaken . ” i am sure that his majesty is concerned for me and <unk> himself for my death . ” time i have had the honor of seeing you . ” three months before had no desire but liberty had now not liberty enough , and panted for wealth . that face by the light of the lantern in his tilbury , or was he merely struck with the horrible appearance of his	63.76189041137695
interrogator ? his head with one hand , and with the other pressed his heart , lest its beatings should be heard . was the next morning <unk> m. <unk> , the helpless old man , at the tender mercies of the weakest creature in the household , that is , his grandchild , valentine ; a dumb and frozen carcass , in fact , living <unk> on , that time may be given for his frame to <unk> without his consciousness of its <unk> . ” that green preserve is nothing less than the ambrosia which <unk> served at the table of jupiter . ” forbidden your lordship to have any pointed instrument . ” ’ artagnan ? ” had all disappeared , and each countenance only	89.89569854736328
preserved the expression of its own secret <unk> behind all present happiness is concealed a fear for the future . ! ” said porthos . porthos , looking around . no fixed <unk> on it , but i said also that it served sometimes as a harbor for smugglers . ” said planchet . ” of death ? ” , he is somewhat wilful ; but really , on referring for the moment to what he said , do you truly believe that mithridates used these precautions , and that these precautions were efficacious ? ” as he signified that he had indeed both chased and captured many lions . i throw my lasso , and as i now know in which part of the cellar is the	73.61832427978516
best wine , that ’ s my point for sport . ’ s hand and kissed it respectfully . was stated that the comte de morcerf ( this was the name he bore ) had entered the service of ali pasha with the rank of <unk> . man of bad taste , and is still more enchanted with another . eugénie , “ you are very pale ! ” murmured monte cristo . handkerchief with the coat of arms . ” rivers on the borders of scotland , but still on english soil , the <unk> of a little army extended . sir , to hear that . ” and as his servant , i will not allow you to be concerned in plots against the safety of	38.40560531616211
the state , or to serve the intrigues of a woman who is not french and who has a spanish heart . ” was the tranquil response ; “ i am too fond of art to attempt anything of that sort . half a league out at sea , and to which _la jeune amélie_ replied by a similar signal , indicated that the moment for business had come . heard of the landing of the emperor ? ” maintain the contrary , ” said d ’ artagnan . the kiosk at my father ’ s feet , were seated twenty palikares , concealed from view by an angle of the wall and watching with eager eyes the arrival of the boats . before he could distinguish the	56.19389343261719
door , amid the red color in which the house was painted . ; at that period of his life , i lost sight of my young comrade . ” his lips again moved . we see the two swiss guards walking yesterday ? ” providing access to a work with the phrase “ project gutenberg ” associated with or appearing on the work , you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.e.1 through 1.e.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the project gutenberg™ trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . able to make a step , glued as she was to the spot by terror . you finish ? ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ <unk> has	31.73011016845703
become of athos ? ” surrounding group . we would be to each other as two voices , two shadows . ” the count , in a somewhat forced tone , “ that may be easily explained ; the comtesse de morcerf , who is aristocracy and refinement itself , does not <unk> the idea of being allied by your marriage with one of ignoble birth ; that is natural enough . ” ” said mercédès , shuddering . said he , “ perfectly . ” ; but i was here first , and will not sail second . ” faithful account of the sum to your lordship , ” said planchet , putting the bag under his arm . ” in the old man ’ s eye	37.47376251220703
, expressed his thanks to the doctor . first place , i heard it from madame danglars , who , by the by , is dying to see you in her box , or to have you seen there by others ; secondly , i learned it from beauchamp ’ s journal ; and <unk> , from my own imagination . utterance to a few incoherent <unk> , and then retired to his study , where he received about two hours afterwards the following letter : passes over me as i reflect that possibly i am now standing on the very grave in which lies m. de villefort , by whose hand the ground was dug to receive the corpse of his child . ” father ’ s	47.92031478881836
past history . with astonishment . nature . , will not be the end of this atrocious misadventure . ” athos , “ and the marechal has often told me so himself . ” . athos , “ oh , no , it is impossible ! ” cried albert , “ you must have been a very entertaining companion alone , or all but alone , with a beautiful woman in such a place of sentiment as the colosseum , and yet to find nothing better to talk about than the dead ! we are going . one , ” replied the abbé . do know him , ” cried julie , “ can you tell us where he <unk> we can find him ? the italian .	34.023319244384766
” . . as though living a life of bondage , yet at the same time am so conscious of my own weakness that i fear to break the restraint in which i am held , lest i fall utterly helpless . for a doctor ? ” vast fireplace alive with leaping flames ; great <unk> of oak blazed and crackled on the polished brass <unk> whose <unk> shone upon the superb <unk> of the lonely tenant of the room , which was illumined <unk> by <unk> <unk> rich with wax-lights . now and tomorrow two roman peasant costumes , ” returned albert . said , kneeling , “ look upon the unhappy man at your feet . cardinal ; his vigilant eye watches over and <unk> to	100.6037826538086
the bottom of the heart . ” about to treat with the court . ” evening , and had only returned an hour since . apartment the baroness met mademoiselle cornélie , her confidential maid . cardinal spoke of mme . last , you arrive at five minutes to ten , when the time fixed was half-past ! , his knees bent under him , and he fell with teresa in his arms . said porthos , a little perplexed between the two , “ i suppose , as i came with you , i must go away with you . her arm under that of d ’ artagnan , and urged him forward eagerly . s hand , and while he visited her grandmother , she descended	33.85988998413086
the steps . charles , “ he who knocks down there—— ” the honor to grant me that favor . ” feared his master as he did fire , while entertaining a strong attachment to his person and a great veneration for his talents , believed he perfectly understood what he wanted , flew to execute the order received , and did precisely the contrary . felton , “ only promise till you have seen me again . <unk> the matter greatly . friends , who anxiously awaited him , saw him returned with joy . you pay for it , books , and leave to walk about . ” almost on the same floor with the poor old man . ours . friend , and you shall	63.33879852294922
be satisfied . , but a sort of intuition tells me she is a lost creature , and that there is something fatal about her . ” she was indeed confined to her bed ; and it was in her own room , and from the lips of madame de villefort , that she heard all the strange events we have related ; we mean the flight of eugénie and the arrest of andrea cavalcanti , or rather benedetto , together with the accusation of murder pronounced against him . with his usual familiarity , and ascending lightly to the first story met him at the top of the stairs . for the journey , but that ’ s no matter . ” i may see it is	42.2705078125
not false . ” prince is beaten , since he can no longer fight . ” said valentine ; “ it is so . good , my present happiness ; and all the sovereigns of the earth , even cæsar borgia himself , could not deprive me of this . ” ’ artagnan ! ” cried the novice , in her turn seizing the hands of milady and devouring her with her eyes . crushed it , and i die . ” for us four ; it is too much for us two . count ? ” have found it impossible to repeat what had been said the last few minutes , when suddenly madame danglars ’ hand , pressed on her arm , aroused her from her	34.81270980834961
lethargy . , or some place in the government ? ” spoke , entered the apartment . that he understood perfectly , and set off . i restore to you the riches and name of your father . ” the young man , “ let us demand hospitality of these smugglers and bandits . want for a journey of a fortnight , and follow me . ” , ” repeated the count . the kisses of d ’ artagnan . of our friend , and let him hasten home . ” told you the other day ; you eat at everybody ’ s <unk> . , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ and you mentioned it to me ; but who knows what has become of him	24.139352798461914
? letter of the cardinal spada was singularly circumstantial , and dantès repeated it to himself , from one end to the other , for he had not forgotten a word . , what is the joke ? ” , ” said aramis , noticing his awkwardness ; “ if i had known that i was to have the honor of your visit i should have procured the gardener ’ s ladder ; but for me alone this is good enough . ” that emetic ? ” asked the doctor . we shall have all the time to talk , and nobody will hear <unk> i guarantee the walls of the bastion have no ears ; if we are , we will talk of our affairs just the	39.65258026123047
same . i must scorn . voice , ” said he , “ and mademoiselle eugénie a splendid soprano , and then she plays the piano like <unk> . of her to the queen . journey to see my family , in the lower part of brittany , to obtain the sum necessary for my departure . ” was prepared for them . long , and d ’ artagnan , in particular , would have <unk> that the days were forty-four hours . <unk> kourchid , who had been sent by the sultan to gain possession of the person of my father ; it was then that ali <unk> having sent to the sultan a french officer in whom he reposed great <unk> to retire to the asylum	48.45632553100586
which he had long before prepared for himself , and which he called <unk> , or the refuge . ” it most expedient , without exhibiting too much ill-will , to follow to the end his role as confessor . . theme of conversation throughout all paris . to the room where he had <unk> the abbé adelmonte had a collection of rabbits , cats , and <unk> , fully as fine as his collection of vegetables , flowers , and fruit . is <unk> ” this assurance delighted morrel , who took leave of villefort , and hastened to announce to old dantès that he would soon see his son . a complete and sudden <unk> ; he arose , rushed out of the room and to	70.28157043457031
the stairs , exclaiming energetically , “ julie , <unk> , emmanuel ! ” observed one of the bearers ; “ not a pleasant night for a dip in the sea . ” with agony ; her glassy eyes had no longer their sight ; a convulsive shuddering shook her whole body ; the sweat rolled from her brow . said ; “ some ministers are fortunate and find out all that they wish to know . ” . ” almost wild . mme . it appears , monsieur porthos ? ” said the procurator , rising , yet supporting his weight upon the arms of his cane chair . ” is not any serious affair , otherwise i can not answer as to what i may do	52.976951599121094
myself . ” to my question , ” replied the inspector impatiently . . ; “ fetch the nearest . ” ” said tréville , “ seek him <unk> i have a right to advise you . ” he will injure the king ’ s revenue and pay to himself the pensions which richelieu paid to others . his emotion , and regained with hurried steps the porch where olivain was waiting with the horses . dear friend . ” know why he bought it ? ” five o ’ clock and be in time , but the delay may cause your friend to pass an uneasy night , and therefore we had better go with all speed to extricate him from the hands of the <unk> .	45.92045974731445
edmond determined to assist the indefatigable <unk> . ” continued the stranger , “ i am one of your largest creditors . ” ’ artagnan ! to the <unk> of their kingdoms . , and from pure devotion to the cause , for monsieur de bracieux is rich . ” artagnan he recognized his former master . gentlemen ? ” court is making overtures to me ; hitherto i have repulsed them ; but since such men as you assure me that i am wrong in doing so , i ’ ve a good mind to follow your advice and to accept a proposition made to me by the duc de chatillon just now . ” heard near the rue saint denis and occasionally church bells began to	54.57004165649414
ring indiscriminately and at the caprice of the populace . , <unk> ” julie wished to accompany him . and fell a second time on his knees . ” received dantès on board with a certain degree of distrust . , ” added planchet to his master ’ s <unk> expressed reflections , “ that we perhaps owe our lives to him . ’ s clerk , elevated to the extraordinary dignity of a provincial <unk> . you a most <unk> story. ” and he looked at the young man as if he would read the bottom of his heart . questions about this prolonged melancholy . mortal enemies of the musketeers , had seen mordaunt adjust the fuse ; he had heard the proverb , which mordaunt	44.421287536621094
had given in french . you , my lord ! ” said he . said athos , “ we admire your devotion to the cause you have espoused , in remaining at the head of the army whilst so ill , in so much pain . ” ? ” sir , you are most welcome ; i was expecting you . ” , m. beauchamp , and it is always well done . ” moment when you were drawing up an indictment for a capital crime ? ” but i told her she was wrong to talk about such things ; and that his eminence was <unk> ” to close their eyes , which they half opened when their companion came in again . would prefer dying on	37.09553146362305
the spot to being arrested or taking back a step . along upon his armchair with casters by mme . , he had acquired the protection and good will of the queen ; but the favor of the queen was at the present time an additional cause of persecution , and her protection , as it was known , protected <unk> witness chalais and mme . letter , and read these words : this room which reminds me forcibly of the chamber of the marquise de <unk> or desdemona . twenty times the lines traced by the hand of his beautiful mistress . hastened to obey the count ’ s summons , went forth from his master ’ s presence in charmed amazement at the unusual animation and	72.97557830810547
pleasure depicted on features ordinarily so stern and cold ; while , as though dreading to put to flight the agreeable ideas hovering over his patron ’ s meditations , whatever they were , the faithful nubian walked on tiptoe towards the door , holding his breath , lest its faintest sound should dissipate his master ’ s happy reverie . excitement , every nerve was strained , every vein swollen , and every part of his body seemed to suffer distinctly from the rest , thus multiplying his agony a <unk> . my eyes that there is nothing but devotion and sympathy in my heart ? ” on the table . to give up broussel as they demand ! come here ? ” , and bazin set	109.87602996826172
off at full speed . last . ” he asked himself . the worthy shipowner became at that <unk> will not say all powerful , because morrel was a prudent and rather a timid man , so much so , that many of the most zealous partisans of bonaparte accused him of “ moderation ” —but sufficiently influential to make a demand in favor of dantès . consists in the deep shadow of their <unk> boughs , while fancy pictures a moving multitude of shapes and forms <unk> and passing beneath that shade . is this about ? ” asked porthos . cristo is always an early <unk> ; and i can answer for his having been up these two hours . ” a musketeer , ” said	74.6451187133789
aramis , humbly . he should despise me so , without any reason . of writing the letter ? ” at that period to be imprisoned by the enmity of the king . the apartment destined for you , madame . that is kind to countess g—— on the part of her friend the vampire . ” were the daughter of a banker , he might take an interest in the house of the father-in-law of his son ; then again , if he disliked his choice , the major takes the key , <unk> his coffer , and master andrea would be obliged to live like the sons of a parisian family , by <unk> cards or rattling the dice . ” . was born at auteuil	55.02778625488281
on the night of the 27th of september , 1817 , and that i am the son of the procureur , m. de villefort . you since yesterday , ” returned fernand sorrowfully . having had once a liking for athos , which had grown into a sincere friendship , he was delighted at thus meeting a man full of intelligence and moral strength , instead of a drunkard . open before reaching the inclosure , each by a different key . friends , “ gentlemen , ” said he , “ allow me to correct your words , if you please . laughing at the joke , which he thought he alone could comprehend . said andrea . ! ” said porthos ; “ but is the	37.30717468261719
matter certain ? ” the army you would have been able to pick up a needle on the floor of a closed oven . de <unk> , were now off the <unk> du pharo , and about to double the battery . his feet and chatting about the last races at chantilly , he waited until they announced his room to be ready . sire ; there can be no more doubt on that head . become archbishop in his uncle ’ s place , and cardinal , like mazarin ; and the popular party could with difficulty accord him favors so entirely royal . glass of <unk> <unk> , which he sipped at intervals , muttering some unintelligible words . and the two grooms then mounted their	78.89725494384766
horses , and all four started off at a quick trot to rejoin raoul and his companion . , sire , ” said athos , “ in all countries in the world is called charging . ” notwithstanding the tone of anguish in which it was uttered , the door remained closed . twentieth ro ... damp forehead and the king slid off his bed , saying , “ let us go . ” all the young man has brought against me , and from this hour hold myself under the authority of the procureur who will succeed me . ” athos and aramis and for the first time replied to porthos ’ s nudge of the knee by a nudge <unk> . , ” said the commissary	41.928627014160156
, addressing athos , “ declare all that passed yesterday between you and monsieur . ” he saw behind him la carconte , paler and trembling more than ever . ” said the cardinal . , on my honor , ” said he , “ to await your decision respecting the course i am to pursue with m. d ’ épinay . ” each other . are on the right track , lieutenant ? ” , my friend . ” he met planchet , who had stopped before the house of a pastry cook , and was contemplating with ecstasy a cake of the most appetizing appearance . only depended on myself to have it , and i had only one word to say . ’ , but	34.54856491088867
the latter restrained him more by a mild look than by his extended hand . his real name , but a fictitious one . ” smiling as it was , became clouded . inquired the abbé . still to <unk> the most distressing period of my life . . be supposed that amid this affected resignation to the will of providence , the unfortunate innkeeper did not writhe under the double misery of seeing the hateful canal carry off his customers and his profits , and the daily <unk> of his <unk> partner ’ s murmurs and lamentations . , you are in love with this lady as you were with madame bonacieux , ” said athos , shrugging his shoulders contemptuously , as if he pitied human	72.91499328613281
weakness . the marvellous grottos , but they had suddenly <unk> , and now the path became a labyrinth , and then the entrance vanished , and in vain did he tax his memory for the magic and mysterious word which opened the splendid caverns of ali <unk> to the arabian fisherman . i no longer pray for myself , but for you . ” chevalier , ’ it is in presenting you to my guests , that they may know who you are . which his master and himself had made such an enormous repast , he approached athos and said , showing him the airhole of the cellar : enter , ” said mazarin , eagerly , on hearing their names pronounced ; “ and beg	66.79296112060547
m. d ’ artagnan to wait ; i shall have further need of him . ” she was some creature of the cardinal , and yet he felt himself <unk> drawn toward her by one of those sentiments for which we can not account . decline , but they could find no good reason for refusing an offer which was so agreeable to them . , valentine ? ” exclaimed haydée ; “ he says that through me he will <unk> _me_ , who would yield my life for his . ” the abbé busoni himself , ” replied monte cristo . know the four men who undertook to rescue him ? ” bad intentions . september . of the drawing-room were thrown open , and bertuccio appearing	46.84748840332031
said , with a violent effort , “ the dinner waits . ” bragelonne , ” said the queen , “ and rest assured of our affection . ” coward , or i shall cut off your ears . he now laughs ; he grew thin , he now grows fat . reply , and seeing it so long coming , he burst into a laugh , turned upon his heel , and re-entered the house . . nor have i lost sight of him for a single instant since . ” see that at all , ” answered porthos . ’ t doubt that . ” felton , who became impatient , “ say yourself , madame , what treatment you wish followed . ” truth ;	37.39961624145508
i will tell it , were it to destroy me . ” of paris , my correspondent . ’ maximilian , “ i recollect the project , of which i highly approved . ” those of the queen , and a smile of terrible joy passed over his lips ; the queen did not wear her diamond studs . aroused the young girl from the stupor in which she was plunged , and which almost amounted to insensibility . one horse for us two ? for you , gentlemen ? ” asked the duke . running to the door exclaimed : love me ! ” not yet gone to paris , they will not arrive till after you . ” , but i must go up to maximilian	34.14247131347656
’ s room this instant , ” replied monte cristo , “ i have something of the greatest importance to tell him . ” ” returned the count ; and he drew from his pocket a marvellous casket , formed out of a single emerald and closed by a golden lid which <unk> and gave passage to a small greenish colored <unk> about the size of a <unk> . the child with the mother ? ” temples , his eyes became dim ; he saw from what <unk> the ferocious hopes of the young man arose , and he put his hand to the hilt of his sword . a horse of you ? ” . was so well turned , that in spite of the great wish	30.38485336303711
felt by the courtiers to laugh , they could find no point on which to vent their ridicule . idea of defeat . ” said aramis , “ that young fellow is decidedly a spy . ” . ” to avoid meeting him , my mother and i left town . ” it , valentine , i entreat you . ” resistance or remonstrance was useless . , ” said m. de tréville ; “ and if at the expiration of ten minutes you do not see me come out , return to my hôtel , for it will be useless for you to wait for me longer . ” eight o ’ clock that evening in the <unk> , and if postponement were necessary , the proceedings	40.048736572265625
would be resumed each evening at the same hour . , cold , and rigid as a corpse , then , and not before , —be careful about this , <unk> open my teeth with the knife , pour from eight to ten drops of the liquor contained in the phial down my throat , and i may perhaps revive . ” with joy as the miser who finds a lost treasure , or as the shipwrecked mariner who feels himself on solid ground instead of in the abyss which he expected would swallow him up . , who never did a bad action but that i have told you <unk> in <unk> , with my poor wife dying of fever before my very eyes , and i	107.68164825439453
unable to do anything in the world for her ; i shall die of hunger , as old dantès did , while fernand and danglars are rolling in wealth . ” d ’ artagnan , “ i am delighted that de rochefort is free , but as for thee , if thou <unk> fall into the hands of the king ’ s servants they will hang thee without mercy . de morcerf , countess , whom i left in pursuit of his unknown about seven o ’ clock this evening , ” said franz , “ and whom i have not seen since . ” ’ artagnan put concerning her health , she replied , “ bad , very bad . ” , ” interrupted d ’ artagnan	29.20868682861328
, “ you are really a precious fellow . ” was heard above his head . dionysius the tyrant became a <unk> ? work again . milady , with a smile that belonged only to herself ; “ you forget that i am her best friend . ” of my marriage , <unk> they not ? ” information prove correct , a sort of bonapartist conspiracy has just been discovered . ” light or the angel of darkness say to that mind , at once implacable and generous ? see my right-hand correspondent . ” ” answered the three friends ; “ it is a family affair . , at the opposite side of the table , had been occupied in similarly placing his most honored guests .	55.24279022216797
with his thoughts , the night lighted up by his illusions , and the silence animated by his anticipations . that the guardsmen sought a quarrel with the musketeers ? ” amount to— “ , said porthos , who preferred discussing the total to taking them one by one . come now to what is most difficult . ” man from the hotel de rohan , who was saying to him : nine o ’ clock , in the day at one o ’ clock , and in the evening at eight . férou , within two steps of the luxembourg . come , ” he said , “ tell him i am from tours . ” the procureur , and prevented him from discovering anything beneath the	45.86589050292969
<unk> smile he was so constantly in the habit of assuming . ” said he . he reflected . japanese , hindu laws , are as familiar to me as the french laws , and thus i was right , when i said to you , that relatively ( you know that everything is relative , sir ) —that relatively to what i have done , you have very little to do ; but that relatively to all i have learned , you have yet a great deal to learn . ” guards ! ” cried aramis and porthos at the same time . enemy ’ s army . ” witnesses with you when you go to <unk> him alone . ” snatched rather than took the handkerchief	44.75558090209961
from the hand of the gascon . my dream of resembling the retired baker ! villefort , ” cried the president , “ do you yield to an hallucination ? louvre ; i ask for mme . carriage , the officer placed himself by his side , the door was locked , and they were left in a rolling prison . of them , i believe . ” dantès ’ good health ! ” said caderousse , emptying his glass , “ here ’ s to his health ! to see you , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ although i am not yet sure that it is aramis i am speaking to . ” beaufort , but he is the least dangerous among them . aramis	27.47705078125
, “ but if we are to get there we must rest our horses , for they are almost <unk> . ” the gendarmes . hour for hour , ” said albert ; “ that will suit me to a <unk> . ” received him with the same paternal smile as that which he had often bestowed on d ’ artagnan , but a more profound tenderness for raoul was now visibly impressed upon his face . crossed his mind that he might be separated from this unknown , whom he loved already ; and then his mind was made <unk> the jailer moved his bed and stooped to examine the opening , he would kill him with his water jug . appreciated , as of a certain	51.220767974853516
value , the honor of being shut up with a prisoner of so great importance , still the pleasure of living in intimacy with the grandson of henry iv . juxon , “ you shall be obeyed . ” been here eighty-three hours . ” from vincennes ? ” porthos , “ i will run to the hôtel , and engage our comrades to hold themselves in readiness by eight o ’ clock ; the rendezvous , the place du palais-cardinal . , filled his pockets with the radiant gems and then returned to daylight , when he discovered that his prizes had all changed into common pebbles . said peppino , addressing the count , “ if you will follow me , the opening of the catacombs	44.243412017822266
is close at hand . ” contrary to his custom , he had admitted mercédès , and the poor girl , in spite of her own grief and despair , endeavored to console him , he said to her , — ‘ be assured , my dear daughter , he is dead ; and instead of expecting him , it is he who is awaiting us ; i am quite happy , for i am the oldest , and of course shall see him first . ’ ” said valentine , throwing herself on her knees , and putting her arm round her grandfather ’ s neck , “ i am vexed , too , for i do not love m. franz d ’ épinay . ” presume	23.72332763671875
, have decided to assert your pretensions <unk> <unk> ? ” ’ s creature , my lord . , ” said barrois ; “ and that is what i told the gentleman as we walked along . ” sharp lookout for them ; and if we lay hands on them his eminence may be assured they will be reconducted to paris under a good escort . ” the door of the corridor , and pushed d ’ artagnan out of the room . camp , “ come down ! way to get news of them ? , and read again , the history of mithridates , ” said madame de villefort in a tone of reflection , “ and had always considered it a fable . ” satisfied	38.99101638793945
he can make his way , both going and returning . ” ; be sure of that . none of your crew should see me . ” ground . form of the count of monte cristo when he at length issued from his tomb , <unk> him with gold and diamonds , and led him to you ! ” he reckoned upon returning by the same route in seven or eight days , if porthos were still at the great st. martin , he would call for him on his way . three windows . , instead of looking at me so solemnly . true as the gospel , ” said porthos ; “ i heard her with my own ears . ” and unexpected voice made everyone	44.12129211425781
start . for access to , viewing , displaying , performing , copying or distributing any project gutenberg™ works unless you comply with paragraph 1.e.8 or 1.e.9 . to remain in the department of the oise , one of the most open and strictly guarded in france ; this was quite out of the question , especially to a man like andrea , perfectly conversant with criminal matters . , half groom , half peasant , whom we saw at the chateau de bragelonne , whom athos had <unk> by the name of his province . going out at that moment ; they heard the cause of the disturbance . to have it ? if they can separate the king from his mother . ” assassination at auteuil	40.72671890258789
proved to him that i had not committed that of which i stood accused . dear sir , you are the prisoner of a fellow countryman . ” does not love me ; i tell you she loves another ; i tell you she loves that infamous buckingham ! about supper . . , madame ; excuse me . ” to raoul ’ s fancy ? ” the count , “ that is a most conjugal <unk> ; i recollect that at rome you said something of a projected marriage . said the novice ; “ we must trust in heaven . ! ” cried porthos , “ like the crows , you always bring bad <unk> . one thing , you will be so amiable as to	43.68617248535156
set aside all impediments . ” morrel to the heart . seen him , ” he replied , “ and he has handed this letter to me . without any <unk> . ” electronically , the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund . , clogged dantès ’ efforts . within half an hour , 287,500 francs . ” books and pencils . act began ; and , at the first sound of the leader ’ s bow across his <unk> , franz observed the sleeper slowly arise and approach the greek girl , who turned around to say a few words to him , and then , leaning forward	48.29181671142578
again on the <unk> of her box , she became as absorbed as before in what was going on . the vote , and it was decided that the investigation should take place . the king ’ s guards , company dessessart , is expected at the palais-cardinal this evening , at eight o ’ clock . perfume done anything for me ? ” , after having fixed upon the plan . said he , “ that woman had a child ; that child has become a man ; the tigress had a little one , the tiger has roused himself ; he is ready to spring upon <unk> ! ” ” ? ” d ’ artagnan , “ you must excuse famished travelers . said anne of	34.847869873046875
austria , pointing to the musketeer , calm , standing uncovered , “ here is monsieur d ’ artagnan , who is as brave as one of those ancient heroes of whom you like so much to hear from my women . ” shadows on their path , and trees shaken by the first winds of autumn seemed like giants madly rushing on to meet them , and retreating as rapidly when once reached . forty pistoles into his pocket without any <unk> the contrary , thanking his majesty greatly . and hastened to conduct the count out . be shown the count , although he is the prisoner of her majesty the queen . ” of his countenance that the trigger was about to be pulled ;	54.621795654296875
she reached her hand quickly to her bosom , drew out a paper , and held it toward athos . the better ; for in that case i shall demand of his majesty permission to plead for him . ” left , ” grumbled the jeering voice of athos . something here . abbé . that ? ” and dared not stay any longer at nîmes , so he solicited a change of residence , and , as he was in reality very influential , he was <unk> to versailles . monte cristo to him , “ i do not recommend my pictures to you , who possess such splendid paintings ; but , nevertheless , here are two by hobbema , a paul <unk> , a <unk>	46.170955657958984
, two by <unk> <unk> , a raphael , a <unk> <unk> , a <unk> , and two or three by murillo , worth looking at . ” they descended the staircase , that bertuccio signed himself in the corsican manner ; that is , had formed the sign of the cross in the air with his thumb , and as he seated himself in the carriage , muttered a short prayer . boring one ’ s self with so many things ? d ’ artagnan ; “ those beer drinkers are too clumsy and awkward . drew away the stone , and showed teresa the grotto , lighted up by two wax lights , which burnt on each side of a splendid mirror ; on a <unk>	56.01609420776367
table , made by luigi , were spread out the pearl necklace and the diamond pins , and on a chair at the side was laid the rest of the costume . early , but neither of them slept . or even venture to insinuate , anything against this ? ramee returned , full of <unk> , like most men who have eaten , and more especially drank to their heart ’ s content . d ’ artagnan . ” said she , “ i have often thought of it. ” then she added in a low voice , “ and i will think of it again . ” society in paris at the period we bring before our readers , when monte cristo went one evening to	42.4337043762207
pay m. danglars a visit . fine words . ” , d ’ <unk> ambition , porthos ? ” a long letter . you here . ’ the country , and the son enters the army . ” bad terms with him , on account of the quarrels between madame de montbazon , my mother-in-law , and madame de longueville . dashing against the rocks on which the château is built , reached dantès ’ ear distinctly as they went forward . replied danglars , “ i merely said you seemed in a hurry , and we have lots of time ; the _pharaon_ can not be under weigh again in less than three months . ” the count , “ what will you <unk> glass of sherry	40.46756362915039
, port , or alicante ? ” of that young man ? ” asked d ’ artagnan , as they hurried along . ” thought danglars , “ this is not so much like paris , except that i shall probably be <unk> ! shall be at liberty , that i may not satisfy your curiosity ? ” the persons who exhaust your fortune ? render an act valid is , that the notary should be thoroughly convinced that he has faithfully interpreted the will and wishes of the person dictating the act . athos to the waters of forges , where my friends still remain . ” ” said athos , in so stifled a voice that d ’ artagnan scarcely heard him . sensible man could	44.916107177734375
leave his house , france , his <unk> charming youth , for we saw him in the <unk> fly to the aid of a <unk> , worm-eaten royalty , which is going to crumble one of these days like an old hovel . majesty , king charles , my august <unk> , had been condemned to death by a majority of his subjects ! ” of the corridor and said : well at the point of my gun i should have sent a ball into his breast . ” accept it ? ” forced to learn english . ” . ” , whose mysterious meeting in the colosseum he had so unintentionally witnessed , was an entire stranger to him , but not so the other ; and	47.21086502075195
though franz had been unable to distinguish his features , from his being either wrapped in his mantle or obscured by the shadow , the tones of his voice had made too powerful an impression on him the first time he had heard them for him ever again to forget them , hear them when or where he might . ! ” cried d ’ artagnan to the coachman ; then turning to mazarin he said , “ now , my lord , you can say five <unk> and five <unk> , in thanks to heaven for your deliverance . when i was about to pay you , i had placed my purse on the table . ” , no other than the count and haydée . rochefort	42.78527069091797
. ” be pressed ; when pressed , they will confess everything . gout , but notwithstanding his illness , which had prevented his mounting on horseback for the last <unk> is , since paris had been <unk> was ready to receive the comte de la fere and the chevalier d ’ herblay . . ” ? ” then he added aloud , “ did he make any resistance ? ” resumed aramis , that he might perfectly understand , “ ‘ the two hands are indispensable for priests of the inferior orders , when they bestow the benediction . ’ ” ” sir , is , that i am ready to hand you over this sum in exchange for your assignment of the debt . that the	37.9015998840332
cardinal will not enter into negotiations with such men ! ” no time to lose , on account of the audience of the king , which was fixed for midday , he cast his eyes around , and seeing that the street was empty , said to his adversary , “ my faith ! me again ! ” the gascons have , as it is <unk> , like those of cats , the faculty of seeing in the dark . ” said the colonel ; “ every one has yielded . ” , with great pleasure ! can ’ t always eat , one can always <unk> maxim of poor athos , the truth of which i have discovered since i began to be lonely . ” to	32.900184631347656
affirm upon oath that i have not . it , but this letter has neither date nor postmark . ” friends , officers in the guards and mousquetaires , came to keep me company and we passed the night in feasting , drinking , <unk> . ” also , for monsieur du vallon—— ” asked the cardinal . , where he found him standing in the middle of the room , pale as death , his forehead streaming with perspiration , and his hands clenched tightly together . , and very impatiently , i acknowledge . ” dress , was accompanied by his royal highness , m. le comte de <unk> , by the grand prior , by the duc de longueville , by the duc d ’	43.427520751953125
<unk> , by the comte d ’ harcourt , by the comte de la <unk> , by m. de <unk> , by m. de <unk> , by the comte de <unk> , and by the chevalier de <unk> . up and in his eyes there was a gleam which scarcely even porthos observed ; but it died away and he appeared more sorrowful than before . surprise me . , as you promised , all that you could do . it . ascertain the strength and number of his enemies . to avenge herself she must be free . sensation throughout the house ; madame de villefort would not believe it , and valentine was thunderstruck . of affairs up to the early days of february . ’	34.54348373413086
aguillon ’ s , and you pay your court to her ; you go to madame de bois-tracy ’ s , the cousin of madame de chevreuse , and you pass for being far advanced in the good graces of that lady . inform me with that pretty mouth of yours , so cruel to me today , that you came to england solely for the pleasure of seeing me at your ease , an enjoyment of which you told me you so <unk> felt the <unk> that you had risked everything for <unk> , tempest , captivity ? ! ” mean , is it not , dear grandpapa ? ” . had attempted to regain his bed , but had not had sufficient strength to do so	48.89895248413086
. in noirtier ’ s eye an expression of such deep meaning that the young girl thought she could read these words there : “ you are mistaken ; i can still do much for you . ” the turnkey ; “ you destroy everything . have been so long shut up , that i am only of one <unk> am for fresh air . all the steel knives and silver forks and replaced them with silver knives and wooden forks , pretending that as he had been informed that the duke was to pass all his life at vincennes , he was afraid of his prisoner attempting suicide . i shall go around to see athos ; for though i don ’ t think his aid worth	57.83988952636719
much , one must with one ’ s friends observe all due politeness , ” said d ’ artagnan . moment when he should hear valentine say , “ here i am , maximilian ; come and help me. ” he had arranged everything for her escape ; two ladders were hidden in the clover-field ; a cabriolet was ordered for maximilian alone , without a servant , without lights ; at the turning of the first street they would light the lamps , as it would be foolish to attract the notice of the police by too many precautions . sir , ” and the sailor took from his coat a handkerchief , tied at each corner . i heard that . ” to strangle you !	60.22458267211914
” cried the duke . albert , whose brow reddened ; “ you think m. <unk> ” guilty person , am i not ? ” said maximilian . monte cristo ; “ and so those gentlemen down there are men of great talent . this plan to you on the day you received my first invitation ; but you did not come . his head . take place in your presence , sir ? ” inquired a turnkey . the most gallant air possible , d ’ artagnan drew his sword . about her age , but whose life was one continued source of anxiety and fear to him from her mother having been <unk> . aware of , ” replied the young man , “ unless ,	32.33793258666992
indeed , any ill-feeling might have arisen from their being of opposite <unk> father was , as you know , a zealous partisan of the bourbons , while mine was wholly devoted to the emperor ; there could not possibly be any other difference between them . instead of him , and in his place ; the storm will blow over more easily , believe me . the mistral , ’ said caderousse , ‘ and it will be sure to last till tomorrow morning. ’ he sighed heavily . you for anything of the kind , monsieur bonacieux , ” said the young man ; “ you are a model for regular people . , and still another half-hour was passed in waiting , while morrel walked	67.26445770263672
to and fro , and gazed more and more frequently through the opening . host , who entertained no doubt that it was the presence of the young man that drove the stranger from his hostelry , <unk> to his wife ’ s chamber , and found d ’ artagnan just recovering his senses . sailors , although , not one opposed it . much as you like , ” replied porthos , who was now quite out of humor at seeing things take this turn . morrel . allowed to go into normandy ? ” said athos . for yourself . ” , by the word of bonacieux . ? ” appears to me to be impracticable , ” said d ’ artagnan , “ inasmuch as	29.997455596923828
i am myself ignorant of what instructions i can give you . ” he said , “ i will pardon you if you tell me all . ” letter for the director of the academy . ” cried d ’ artagnan , looking at his friend with an air of doubt . sir , ” replied the prisoner , humbly . of white satin , on which her cipher is embroidered in pearls . ” excellency will permit us to take all due precautions . ” vampa appeared before danglars . excepting that valentine heard the almost noiseless sound of some liquid being poured into the glass she had just emptied . i have found you , then ; i see you at last ! ” parts ?	27.76665496826172
” asked caderousse ; “ you only mentioned four persons . ” detecting its presence . deputies and men connected with the revenue , was explaining a new theory of <unk> which he intended to adopt when the course of events had compelled the government to call him into the ministry . the old man . beauchamp , “ here is my answer , my dear sir . his eyes . my heart . them ; but i have often resolved to visit them . ” ” , ” continued porthos , becoming more and more melancholy . sword and marched as avant guard . their limbs and tongues they could , of course , tell nothing but what they <unk> they had been seized , stripped and	51.3665657043457
bound . he seemed moved by this last remark . everything . ” , ” said he , in a deep , gloomy tone , “ here is a woman who was under my guard , and who has killed herself ! ” we shall continue our conversation to the end of the village . ” it left ; all the rest were broken by my fall . and implacable , advancing with his arms crossed on his breast , towards the general , who could not understand why he had disappeared , but who on seeing him again , and feeling his teeth chatter and his legs sink under him , drew back , and only stopped when he found a table to support his clenched hand	38.95753479003906
. city of lille , as this woman has said . modified and printed and given away—you may do practically anything in the united states with ebooks not protected by u.s. copyright law . it is more than a plot ; i fear it is a conspiracy . ” anxiety to know what had become of edmond . him he appeared to me like an old lieutenant who had grown mouldy under his epaulets . did not understand him , giving way to his anger , “ monsieur , ” said he , “ you stand a chance of getting <unk> if you <unk> musketeers in this fashion . ” caught the involuntary start with which his friend beheld the new arrival , and , turning to him	46.035240173339844
, he said hastily : , ” said the count , in his kindest and most persuasive manner ; “ therefore do not make yourself uneasy on your brother ’ s account . ” man ! ” said maximilian , “ that the signing of a contract should occupy so long a time without unexpected <unk> . . restrain a smile . the young man , and set off at full gallop . system , neither encouraged nor <unk> him . brown hair ? ” acquaintance , gaspard caderousse . get out at that window ? ” , and the rochellais did not surrender . at one stroke by the thunder of men in default of god ’ s . ” said felton ; “ i understand how	36.42809295654297
he would act . by sighs to <unk> which she knew did not come from my father ’ s heart . ” quick eye and a prompt understanding . have heard me ; i will have those letters . ” of the harbor , dantès proceeded to make his final <unk> on board _la jeune amélie_ , distributing so liberal a <unk> among her crew as to secure for him the good wishes of all , and expressions of cordial interest in all that concerned him . at your chateau at bragelonne , i made certain proposals to you which you perfectly understood ; instead of answering me as a friend , you played with me as a child ; the friendship , therefore , that you boast	65.5980224609375
of was not broken yesterday by the shock of swords , but by your dissimulation at your castle . ” ” said he to porthos . so ? to this , du vallon ? ” said danglars , becoming pale . ; at least , so d ’ artagnan declared to himself . , ” replied m. de la trémouille , “ but i warn you that i am well informed , and all the fault is with your musketeers . ” himself , as though he could scarcely believe that he had heard aright , and then gave orders for him to be admitted . on , a cavalier in full gallop was seen approaching . , tearing your hair , instead of seeking to remedy your	31.510684967041016
condition ; i did not think that was the way of your people . ” and in saving your life he was but <unk> his duty to me . ” the two young people had agreed to be married when vampa should be twenty and teresa nineteen years of age . , that ’ s well , ” continued the cardinal . to dinner . ” words were uttered did not escape the marechal . but not equally . though the doubt continued to exist . , where something befell you . reason , monsieur , ” continued maximilian , “ of my sister and brother-in-law having only 25,000 francs a year . ” was danglars . moment , moved by a similar impulse , looked back also	43.581478118896484
. ” asked he , “ any intention of holding this hunting party yesterday ? ” morrel . ’ said the jeweller , <unk> with rain , ‘ i am not destined to return to beaucaire tonight . ? added he , “ could attest the fact ” ; and he named several distinguished gentlemen , and among them was m. le duc de la trémouille . respect than pleasure at the compliment . those three elements when i am no longer present to <unk> them ? i , ‘ that looks like my <unk> ; i fancy i must have <unk> that skull somewhere or <unk> ’ and , in fact , it was that unfortunate scotchman , parry ’ s brother , you know , on	66.61318969726562
whom groslow amused himself by trying his strength . i regret d ’ artagnan . ” . ” cried he , regaining strength by force of terror . and thought : “ both at the same hour ; both commands alike ; both at the palais royal . , ” replied the prisoner . her , then ? ” gave two thousand crowns for it , as he once told me . ’ s life was attempted by poison four days ago , though she escaped , owing to the precautions of m. noirtier . in the musketeers and have been so these twenty years . ” ? ” said he eagerly . idea was that this was an <unk> gross deception , to draw his attention from	47.204437255859375
a minor danger in order to expose him to a greater . ’ inquired the astonished merchant . her—her , that invincible power of evil . from time to time behind and around about him . true , reverend sir . ” enemies ; and let me give you a piece of advice ; take care of yourself , monsieur d ’ artagnan , for from the moment i withdraw my hand from behind you , i would not give an <unk> for your life . ” athos , when he had closed the letter . . , ” said haydée eagerly , “ my miseries recall to me the remembrance of your goodness . ” fog rising from the river , ” said the king . morrel	30.619749069213867
, ” said dantès , approaching , “ the vessel now <unk> at anchor , and i am at your service . illustrious politician of times past , of times present , and probably of times to come . which is scarce firmly set on the head of louis xiv. , support a double weight ? ” , ” said morrel , “ but i do not see m. de morcerf . ” by his valet de chambre , who announced beauchamp . require for my ransom ? ” way , had made no <unk> in the path he had marked out for himself . men , ” he said , looking at the count . therefore , when accepting the gift of the pony from m. d	36.71352005004883
’ artagnan the elder . to the royal guards and the swiss guards , not only to stand firm , but to send out patrols to the streets of saint denis and saint martin , where the people thronged and where they were the most vociferous , when the mayor of paris was announced at the palais royal . you had loved this young dantès , ” observed the abbé , without taking any notice of his companion ’ s vehemence . d ’ <unk> of the great florentine sculptor , <unk> <unk> , ” replied athos . , next to the <unk> on the left ? ” search more <unk> ? and with him fatigue had prevailed over hunger . ! ” said château-renaud , “ allow	37.92189025878906
me to tell you that you do not understand that manœuvre with the eye-glass half so well as debray . <unk> faithful friend of cardinal richelieu . ” who could thus philosophically resign hopes so long and ardently <unk> with an astonishment mingled with admiration . de saint-méran incurred his displeasure , so he poured out three drops of his <unk> drops were sufficient ; then followed barrois , the old servant of m. noirtier , who sometimes <unk> this little <unk> therefore received the same quantity of the elixir ; the same happened to valentine , of whom he was jealous ; he gave her the same dose as the others , and all was over for her as well as the rest . ” not that	66.32948303222656
the man is more ugly , more foolish , or more disagreeable than any other ; no , m. andrea cavalcanti may appear to those who look at men ’ s faces and figures as a very good specimen of his kind . made a hole in the floor ; meanwhile the duke hung the crawfish up by a thread . silence , and from the moment that their course was changed not a word was spoken . despair , a new affliction overtook her . never made such an answer as that when the service of your majesty was concerned , ” said athos , bowing with great dignity . have accomplished with all the <unk> of a soldier , but also with the courtesy of a	53.75765609741211
gentleman . danglars sat down on a bench . still possible to observe in monte cristo the concentrated look , changing color , and slight trembling of the <unk> that show emotion . d ’ artagnan , smiling at the misanthropy of athos , which from any other person would have offended him , “ i ride what i can get ; i am not so proud as you . from forty to forty-five years , with black hair , a dark complexion , and a scar on his left temple . ” he , “ if i dared in my turn <unk> ” bastille ! ” cried mme . ’ s handwriting ; only this time it was addressed to m. d ’ artagnan , and not	37.81184768676758
to m. de wardes . me is serious , then ? ” the young woman , “ you weary me very much , i assure you , with your questions . ” said the old man , “ he is so much attached to us . ” the exclamation of joy he uttered was mistaken for a sigh . he murmured in a low voice , as he concluded his sentence . buckled on his belt , and passing his handkerchief over his moist forehead , said : applying his spurs , was in advance of porthos two feet at the most ; mousqueton followed two lengths behind ; the guards were scattered according to the varying excellence of their respective mounts . are in the service of	39.254146575927734
cromwell ; you hate the king . ” and myself in france is already irksome to him ; much more so would be that of the king . . that i should be delighted to order masses for the repose of his soul . ” ” said the count to his companion , “ we shall be there . ” porthos . the shore of the lake , ready to cover our retreat ; they were kneeling on the lowest of the marble steps , and in that manner intended making a rampart of the three others , in case of pursuit . pierce with his eager looks the remotest verge of the horizon , examining attentively every black speck which appeared on the lake , while my	48.80684280395508
mother , reclining by his side , rested her head on his shoulder , and i played at his feet , admiring everything i saw with that <unk> innocence of childhood which throws a charm round objects insignificant in themselves , but which in its eyes are invested with the greatest importance . to enable me to converse with you , sir , ” said haydée quietly ; “ and if you like what is eastern , i will do my best to secure the gratification of your tastes while you are here . ” he , with intense suffering , “ i might , then , have been happy yet . ” what monsieur de richelieu did ? child ! to be pleased with his reception .	51.345455169677734
accident . bonacieux about whom i am anxious , ” cried d ’ artagnan , “ but the queen , whom the king abandons , whom the cardinal <unk> , and who sees the heads of all her friends fall , one after the other . ” houdinière and cahusac to stop , he alighted from his horse , and went toward these suspected merry companions , hoping , by means of the sand which deadened the sound of his steps and of the hedge which concealed his approach , to catch some words of this conversation which appeared so interesting . hitherto unknown arising in his mind . , ” added aramis ; “ but you must not think of that , athos ; what is past	47.76880645751953
, is past . ” to see her , for i like her very much . ” that it was wine which produced this sadness ; for in truth he only drank to combat this sadness , which wine however , as we have said , rendered still darker . himself on his knees before his son , but maximilian caught him in his arms , and those two noble hearts were pressed against each other for a moment . who are unjust , maximilian , ” cried valentine ; “ but there is one thing i wish to know . ” in the seine , having thrown themselves in , or having been drowned from not knowing how to swim . ” long a time had kept	43.74418640136719
silence as to the treasure , now perpetually talked of it . not kill my son ! ” ” said felton , passing his hands over his brow , covered with sweat , as if to remove his last doubt . , a moment ; give grimaud time to clear away the breakfast . ” ? ” been occupied with the preparations , and trusting no one but himself , he had visited personally the successor of pere marteau . . in a hurry to <unk> crowns for our scotchman . it is impossible to expect the son of a girondin to be free from a small <unk> of the old <unk> ” a deep crimson suffused the countenance of villefort . to abide by all the terms	44.486778259277344
of this agreement , you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession . about being late , ” replied the stranger in purest tuscan ; “ ’ tis i who am too soon . , ” said mazarin . ; i have not so much as you have , since i do not fly as you do . rode off down the avenue on the grass at a hand gallop . room , and tried to read , but his eye glanced over the page without understanding a word , and he threw away the book , and for the second time sat down to sketch his plan , the ladders and the fence . prisoners sketched a	39.9398307800293
plan of education , to be entered upon the following day . ; aramis is mildness and grace personified . great honor , ” said the leader of the posse , “ and i accept thankfully . ” if porthos and aramis deemed him superior to them in the arts of diplomacy , they would like him all the better for it ; but that athos , on the contrary , would despise him . fifty <unk> devote three years to a labor which , if successful , would conduct you to a <unk> overhanging the <unk> plunge into the waves from the height of fifty , sixty , perhaps a hundred feet , at the risk of being dashed to pieces against the rocks , should you	60.908695220947266
have been fortunate enough to have escaped the fire of the sentinels ; and even , supposing all these perils past , then to have to swim for your life a distance of at least three miles ere you could reach the <unk> difficulties so startling and formidable that dantès had never even dreamed of such a scheme , resigning himself rather to death . you will see what no looking-glass has ever shown you—a frank and honorable countenance . ” m. de boville took the paper danglars presented him , and read : literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state ’ s laws . villefort , “ there is something to fear besides death , old	77.68988037109375
age , and madness . athos . asked , “ did you notice that ? ” d ’ artagnan , who , instead of being ill , ran toward his horse . said athos , “ i have nothing to say against a retreat . the wild and deserted look of the plain around her , and pressed closely against her guide , not uttering a syllable ; but as she saw him advance with even step and composed countenance , she endeavored to repress her emotion . that you upset at the corner of saint jean cemetery ? ” that a letter has been written by you during the day ; he knows that it has not yet been sent to its address . d ’ artagnan	37.376102447509766
out to his master with his finger . ” lord wilmore , requesting an interview , which the latter had fixed for ten o ’ clock . ” waited tremblingly . must be in not having either wife or children ! ” child ’ s hand . , tell me what you are going to do , maximilian. ” the young man smiled sorrowfully . friends met they began a conversation which was emphasized by frequent <unk> . then hastened to invite teresa , without whom it was impossible for the quadrille to be formed , but the young girl had disappeared . , but , as he was not especially interested in poetical ideas , he had gone into the garden , and was talking with major	45.76325988769531
cavalcanti on the projected railway from leghorn to florence . , ” said felton , stopping the duke ; “ but does your grace know that the name of charlotte backson is not the true name of this young woman ? ” to be ? ” , monseigneur , ” replied d ’ artagnan , “ and i am conscious of a greatness of soul in your eminence that makes me mean as an <unk> ; but since monseigneur permits me to speak <unk> ” one of his <unk> and raoul to follow his example , and directed the others to await his orders , keeping themselves meanwhile on the alert . , but albert knew that he seldom lost a scene at the opera . silence ,	36.2037467956543
the poor lad this time found his speech . a bragelonne ? ” asked lord de winter . of the <unk> , asking how matters were progressing . , ” said groslow , as the four friends entered , “ i had almost given you up . ” said andrea , “ do you believe in fairy tales ? ” daughter should be married there . ” aramis replied , “ the punishment should fall not on the king , but on his ministers ; for the first article of the constitution is , ‘ the king can do no wrong . ’ ” box , having a pair of pistols in his belt , a musket under his feet and a naked sword behind him . the	39.42573928833008
inspector gazed curiously into the chamber of the <unk> <unk> , as the prisoner was usually called . no more friends , ” said the young man . but what are you looking for ? having introduced her lover into the louvre , that was all . <unk> ’ — ‘ i will not quit you , ’ said vasiliki ; ‘ if you die , my lord , i will die with you. ’ — ‘ go to selim ! ’ cried my father . so am i ; his cassock is a burden to him and i imagine i have had enough of mine ; in fact , there is so much resemblance between us that i sometimes believe he is aramis and i am the	49.10968780517578
coadjutor . , and no one can doubt my position . ” said , in a low voice , “ do you know who these workmen are who are making so much noise ? ” within the hour that he had <unk> the name of god . de winter . ” though monsieur mordaunt was a man not to be despised , mazarin is not less strong than he , and we shall not easily succeed in drowning him . of the abduction of your wife ? ” it you with all my heart ! ” added caderousse with his hoarse laugh . to you ? , madame dantès ? ” party was assembled . ties which bind me to mademoiselle valentine ; if he be a sensible	34.48994445800781
man , he will prove it by renouncing of his own accord the hand of his betrothed , and will secure my friendship , and love until death ; if he refuse , either through interest or ridiculous pride , after i have proved to him that he would be forcing my wife from me , that valentine loves me , and will have no other , i will fight with him , give him every advantage , and i shall kill him , or he will kill me ; if i am victorious , he will not marry valentine , and if i die , i am very sure valentine will not marry him . ” on tiptoe , and as the carriage passed , saw harrison	45.705074310302734
at one window and mordaunt at the other . my misfortunes for you to treat them as <unk> ; that i may tell you my projects for you to go and betray them to my persecutor ? been there ? ” of a thief . ” each of them leave of absence for fifteen days , that is all—to athos , whose wound still makes him suffer , to go to the waters of forges ; to porthos and aramis to accompany their friend , whom they are not willing to abandon in such a painful condition . and am no melancholy hero . again to <unk> , to talk again and again of the past ! probability , we shall attack the enemy . ” d ’	44.374488830566406
artagnan , who took it . governor countersigned the passport and delivered it to d ’ artagnan . would make me one promise . ” , _pardieu ! _ it is not difficult to divine that , after all you have told me . that everyone entered heartily into the purpose for which they met ; besides , it would not be unlikely that they would have an opportunity of playing either the cardinal or his people an ill turn , and for such expeditions these worthy gentlemen were always ready . know what he is ; he has three unlimited <unk> on me , one on rothschild , one on lafitte ; and , you see , ” he added carelessly , “ he has given me	58.05622100830078
the preference , by leaving a balance of 100,000 francs . ” in france they are very particular on these points ; it is not sufficient , as in italy , to go to the priest and say , ‘ we love each other , and want you to marry us. ’ marriage is a civil affair in france , and in order to marry in an orthodox manner you must have papers which undeniably <unk> your identity . ” ” he called out in his gascon accent , “ what do you want ? old , or rather i shall be in a few days , as i was born the night of the 27th of september , 1817 . ” ” from his reverie by the	38.42019271850586
voice of faria , who , having also been visited by his jailer , had come to invite his <unk> to share his supper . here a fortnight , and pays for what he <unk> , i shall soon <unk> my business . ” valentine ; “ adieu , my sweet <unk> , my sister ! ” ! , if i have committed the crimes you accuse me of , ” shrieked milady , “ take me before a tribunal . when he entered ; but scarcely had she perceived him then she reseated herself in her armchair , and made a sign to her women to resume their cushions and stools , and with an air of supreme hauteur , said , “ what do you desire	38.27370071411133
, monsieur , and with what object do you present yourself here ? ” said the cardinal , biting his lips with anger . cross the garden and gain the village on foot . ? ” cried the young girl , extending her hand through the opening , and seizing maximilian by his coat , for she understood from her own agitated feelings that her lover ’ s calmness could not be real ; “ where are you going ? ” few moments , cromwell raised his head , and , as if he divined that some one was there , turned slowly around . ” , ” said m. de tréville , stopping him . in the most critical positions of our lives we have always dined	31.41358184814453
. ” which his friend had driven away and kept away by his cheerful presence , now hovered like a phantom over the abbé ’ s dead body . turn i advise you to keep a sharp lookout on your treasure , my dear monsieur groslow , for i can tell you we shall not leave this without robbing you of it . ” said athos . , ” said monte cristo , pressing his hand to his heart to still its violent beatings ; he felt afraid of hearing his own history . ” said the duke , advancing ; “ you are puzzled by what you see here , but one word will explain everything . ” he mentally ejaculated ; but his lips uttered no	41.905181884765625
sound , and as though all his strength were centred in that internal emotion , he sighed and closed his eyes . . only the two plans i have proposed to you ; forgive my vanity , and tell me which you prefer . i repeat it to your majesty , that the queen conspires against the power of the king , but i have not said against his honor . ” wearing the same harness she had seen on them in the morning ; only , by the count ’ s orders , in the centre of each rosette that adorned either side of their heads , had been fastened a large diamond . , the duc de beaufort pillaged the house and library of mazarin ,	49.0001220703125
in order to give the populace , as he put it , something to gnaw at . in his carriage , danglars called out to his coachman , in a voice that might be heard across the road , “ to the chamber of deputies . ” my thanks for the client you have sent me . can help me , dear grandpapa ? ” said valentine . ” said he , “ you understand <unk> you not ? asked the priest , anxiously and eagerly . further details ? that sum to attain the same end . ” , then , in that quarter ? ” i admire you , ” said villefort , who , for the first time in this strange conversation , used the	25.757587432861328
aristocratic form to the unknown personage , whom , until now , he had only called monsieur . we have said , of great beauty . , my lord , separate the jewels i have given you ; detach the diamonds and sell them to some jew . unhappy as not to believe in him until now , ” said monte cristo , “ i must believe on seeing you . ” ” poor bazin , reflect a little . sermon , which made the church very full of people . , that you say it again . ” asked monte cristo . buy a pretty little house with two acres of land ; the remaining twenty thousand will bring you in a thousand francs a year .	39.83660125732422
” attempted on both sides , without effect ; sparks were emitted from the swords like water spouting forth . find any fisherman and should the wind shift to the north ? ” clock . ” to bear the sight of this touching emotion , turned away ; and villefort , without seeking any further explanation , and attracted towards him by the irresistible magnetism which draws us towards those who have loved the people for whom we mourn , extended his hand towards the young man . his eyes , his hands resting on the shoulders of the youth , whose height was almost equal to his own ; but as soon as they were out of sight he said : . . ” the ladder ,	58.6817512512207
closed the window . <unk> , ” said beauchamp ; “ the second <unk> house with a balcony . garden , built in the heavy style of the imperial architecture , was the large and fashionable dwelling of the count and countess of morcerf . business in italy . ! ” said kitty , “ you know how to represent things in such a way that you are always in the right . , the executioner of lille ! ” cried milady , a prey to <unk> terror , and clinging with her hands to the wall to avoid falling . one for all . ” nothing of it . ” said , “ excuse me , sir ; hope alone makes me almost mad , —what will	32.79999923706055
not reality do ? ” , my sweet renée , i promise to show all the <unk> in my power ; but if the charges brought against this bonapartist hero prove correct , why , then , you really must give me leave to order his head to be cut off . ” about it to the cardinal ’ s esquire likewise . easy , ” said the captain of a vessel ready to set sail , “ but this morning came an order to let no one leave without express permission from the cardinal . ” ” said the king . were , between two graves . he , “ i am chief clerk of the house of thomson & french , of rome . ; that	37.79475021362305
is exactly my loss . ” as he would have done a friend of twenty years ’ standing . cried d ’ artagnan , “ which well becomes good citizens like us . ! be free ! ” nothing ? ” tongue against his teeth informed athos of the gascon ’ s uneasiness . from parliament summoned the citizens to lay down their arms and demolish the barricades . , then ? ” said , turning towards his wondering son , when this disguise was completed , “ well , do you think your police will recognize me now . ” deschamps ; we will read and sign the contract before we separate , and this evening madame de villefort shall accompany valentine to her estate , where	60.08205795288086
we will rejoin them in a week . ” <unk> influence of a young wife and a daughter by his first marriage , scarcely eighteen , was still one of the <unk> paris salons where the worship of <unk> customs and the observance of rigid etiquette were carefully maintained . to be hanged in your true name , milady ? invalid an interrogative look as to the new favor which he designed to bestow on him . garden , full of vegetables , flowers , and fruit . feel it impossible to struggle against this deadly weight which <unk> me . corsica , the very houses of which he could distinguish ; or on sardinia ; or on the island of elba , with its historical <unk> ;	65.88523864746094
or upon the almost imperceptible line that to the experienced eye of a sailor alone revealed the coast of genoa the proud , and leghorn the commercial , that he gazed . lackey . of three or four-and-twenty , who was in love with m. morrel ’ s daughter , and had remained with him in spite of the efforts of his friends to induce him to withdraw ; the other was an old <unk> cashier , called “ cocles , ” or “ <unk> , ” a <unk> given him by the young men who used to throng this vast now almost deserted <unk> , and which had so completely replaced his real name that he would not , in all probability , have replied to anyone	71.78372955322266
who addressed him by it . him which <unk> everything . to you ? ” replied the king ; “ we are not of the same religion . ” most was that the cardinal , so deeply interested in preventing this young man from setting his foot in england , had not succeeded in arresting him on the road . the cart . ” of his host , d ’ artagnan went quickly into the house , and cast a rapid glance at the bed . sloop . . it was left on board . ” frowning , but an idea that he should find something in this letter about d ’ artagnan conquered his unwillingness to read it . is very generous , my dear aramis ,	28.67340087890625
that ’ s all i can say . ” strange figure with surprise . or porthos ? ” it up in order not to compromise him and the lady he loves . your partner ’ s , m. morrel . ” , just as he removed his bed from the wall , he heard three knocks ; he threw himself on his knees . has ; for heaven ’ s sake , not a word of this before him . now slipped through the window . he must have been prevented by monsieur de tréville or monsieur dessessart . game of chess upon the merits of their servants . so that the minister felt that all around him , beneath the homage of the courtiers , lay a	37.40386962890625
fund of hatred , ill disguised by fear and interest . , scarcely , on his side , was he out of sight when he drew from his pocket a letter , which he read over again : spot where monte cristo stopped , if but for two days , luxury abounded and life went on with the utmost ease . only a few moments . ” very well that you are reflecting on yourself , valentine . ” of the second opening , ” said the cardinal ’ s will . and now i believe you are right , and that you have really saved my life ; be assured i will return the favor hereafter . ” to d ’ artagnan that m. bonacieux wore a	42.21369552612305
mask , and likewise that that mask was most disagreeable to look upon . ” valentine groaned . madame , no compassion for your servants who for twenty years have <unk> in obscurity , without betraying in a single sigh the solemn and sacred secrets they have had the honor to share with you ? beauchamp , “ looked at this woman with surprise and terror . , and went out with beauchamp , without appearing to notice cavalcanti . ” cried the duke . freely that you accuse him ! ” hand of the massive time-piece , representing <unk> asleep , pointed to nine on its golden face , and the hammer , the faithful type of mechanical thought , struck nine times , the name of	59.70632553100586
the count of monte cristo resounded in its turn , and as if by an electric shock all the assembly turned towards the door . , if i recollect rightly , ” replied d ’ artagnan , with a look of inquiry directed to athos ; “ another i disarmed or wounded , i don ’ t remember which . ” wanting. ” then he said aloud , “ my dear friend , your attack has , perhaps , fatigued you ; had you not better repose awhile ? well , ” said the major , who was in ecstasy at the attention paid him by the count . went away in haste . i shall not leave so near the queen that source of discord with which	37.423728942871094
the deceased cardinal so often caused the anger of the king to rage above the boiling point . ” , find this man , and when you have found him bring him to me . ” brought you here to ask you , ” returned mazarin , smiling , “ if you have taken any particular notice of our lieutenant of musketeers ? ” master , ” cried bertuccio , casting himself at the count ’ s feet , “ it was simply <unk> else . ” s plan . . ” said mme . , sir . ” a second a private door opened , and ali appeared , bringing two chibouques filled with excellent latakia . time of war between the catholics and the huguenots ,	37.05603790283203
and as he saw the catholics exterminate the huguenots and the huguenots exterminate the <unk> in the name of <unk> adopted a mixed belief which permitted him to be sometimes catholic , sometimes a huguenot . lady ’ s maid , and , weak as she was , she dressed , in order to be ready for whatever might happen . , grimaud and mousqueton , we can manage to dispatch eight of them . ” ” ” said d ’ artagnan , “ this has been the will of god . ” to the <unk> of the marriage-contract were being carried on at the house of m. de villefort , monte cristo had paid his visit to the count of morcerf , who , in order to	27.301815032958984
lose no time in responding to m. danglars ’ wishes , and at the same time to pay all due deference to his position in society , donned his uniform of lieutenant-general , which he ornamented with all his crosses , and thus attired , ordered his finest horses and drove to the rue de la chaussée d ’ antin . serious reflection and becoming more pale than usual , made a sign of assent to d ’ artagnan , who by it understood he was at liberty to speak . knocked at the door of the finest house and was received as the wounded are always and everywhere received in france . , the duke ’ s dinner guest by <unk> eternal keeper , the shadow of	41.091773986816406
his person ; but la <unk> , frank , <unk> , fond of play , a great hand at tennis , had one defect in the duke ’ s <unk> <unk> . all the more wretched , sir , is , that i was the cause of this misfortune . ” strong for two of us , but not strong enough for three of us , ” returned d ’ artagnan . madame ? ” inquired danglars , visibly agitated . that he might not be disturbed while fulfilling his sacred mission , the priest rose as soon as d ’ avrigny departed , and not only bolted the door through which the doctor had just left , but also that leading to madame de villefort ’ s	34.190330505371094
room . ” said gaetano . testator for the disposal of these riches occurred only a short time ago , and they have only been employed by me within the last few years . first part of his life had been <unk> by a woman and he thought with alarm of the influence love might assume over so fine , and at the same time so vigorous an organization as that of raoul . passing at the back of the boxes , and the count knew that the approaching storm was intended to fall on him . sleep , m. de tréville slept still worse . my brethren in whom you have equal confidence with myself ? ” obliged to give it up , as you may imagine	61.887489318847656
, but i own i went away with rather a heavy heart , for the horse had looked at me affectionately , had rubbed his head against me and , when i mounted him , had <unk> in the most delightful way imaginable , so that i was altogether fascinated with him . extended ; then , striking his forehead , he exclaimed : for the ball , whither all the entreaties of madame de villefort had failed in <unk> him to accompany them , the procureur had shut himself up in his study , according to his custom , with a heap of papers calculated to alarm anyone else , but which generally scarcely satisfied his <unk> desires . , ” said he . reply , i	52.588600158691406
entreat you—is not the comte de la fere a noble whom i remember , handsome and brave , a musketeer under louis xiii. , who must be now about <unk> or forty-eight years of age ? ” he , sighing , “ that is not very surprising ; i have been more than a year absent from paris , and my clothes are of a most antiquated cut ; the count takes me for a provincial . , like one of <unk> ’ s heroes , with varnished shoes and white silk <unk> stockings , passed a white and tolerably <unk> hand through his light hair , and so displayed a sparkling diamond , that in spite of monte cristo ’ s advice the vain young man had	56.711971282958984
been unable to resist putting on his little finger . , but scarcely had she touched the glass when she drew back in fear . . two days before and seemed to have gone out of existence . ” asked he . remained under the arbor ; do you not remember , that while you were seated on a stone bench , and while , as i told you , mademoiselle de villefort and your young son were absent , you conversed for a considerable time with somebody ? ” full of sense , ” replied d ’ artagnan ; “ but unfortunately i have very little time to spare , having an appointment at twelve precisely . , who , coming up to athos to ask charity	40.13929748535156
, athos offered him half a crown to accompany him where he was going . woman is rich and the lover is not , that which he can not offer she offers to herself ; and although it is generally with her husband ’ s money that she procures herself this indulgence , the gratitude for it seldom <unk> to him . the desolate aspect of the mansion ; descending from the cab , she approached the door with trembling knees , and rang the bell . of the yacht ’ s crew . the young man , deeply affected , “ i will not say you are all i love in the world , for i dearly prize my sister and brother-in-law ; but my affection for	46.77184295654297
them is calm and tranquil , in no manner resembling what i feel for you . , ” said d ’ artagnan ; “ you , monsieur le comte de la fere , to the right of monsieur groslow . the countess , breathlessly , with her eyes fixed on monte cristo , whose arm she convulsively pressed with both hands , “ we are friends , are we not ? ” suspect he has warned the queen against some fresh <unk> of the cardinal . ” to you ! ” replied the young man , additionally exasperated with this mixture of insolence and good manners , of politeness and scorn . franz . it will be a happy day for me when i can cross something more	28.670024871826172
than a look with you . ” forced the man to turn away his head . that you charged by the side of mordaunt . ” boast of it , ” said andrea , who , without becoming angry , as caderousse feared , at this new extortion , quietly resigned the ring . , her pearly neck , her cheeks <unk> with varying hues reminded one of the lovely <unk> who have been so <unk> compared in their manner to the <unk> of a swan . minutes , passed thus , then ten more , and at last the clock struck the half-hour . on the contrary , so great , so real , madame , ” returned mazarin , without noticing the change of language offered	47.2808952331543
to him by the queen , “ that if the king , charles <unk> heaven protect from evil ! <unk> into france , i would offer him my <unk> own house ; but , alas ! cried danglars , in a tone whose bitterness <unk> alone has been capable of <unk> “ tell me that you wish to <unk> me of all ; it will be sooner over than devouring me <unk> . ” you mean ? ” . had no affair with a lover ? ” ? ” ? he of the count , “ what has , then , happened ? ” more , doctor ! and held out his hand . a sudden <unk> of wrath , seized the lad by the ear and led	39.05268096923828
him apart , with the injunction : living in england , my lord , especially as envoy extraordinary . ” that he is about to transport his prisoners to <unk> , since rueil seemed to him not sufficiently secure . give them to him . ” for planchet . ” father ? ” the rue montmartre , in order to reach the rue tiquetonne and the hotel de la chevrette , where he had appointed porthos to meet him , he saw at one of the windows of the hotel , that friend himself dressed in a <unk> waistcoat , embroidered with silver , and gaping , till he showed every one of his white teeth ; whilst the people passing by admiringly gazed at this gentleman ,	39.47184753417969
so handsome and so rich , who seemed to weary of his riches and his greatness . , 21st may , half-past ten in the morning . ” to your daughter , i believe ? ” i know you to be the most conscientious man in the world , and although i place the utmost reliance in you , i want , notwithstanding my conviction , to believe this axiom , <unk> <unk> est_ . ” strong post , ” he resumed , “ and we have forty good men , tried soldiers , having no connection with frondeurs nor any interest in the fronde . ” the stranger . that you dead , the fortune would naturally revert to your brother , unless he were disinherited ;	58.70839309692383
and besides , the crime appearing useless , it would be folly to commit it . ” cried d ’ artagnan . it had disappeared . any chance lose sight of him , i presume ? ” see it now as plainly as i saw it lying all crushed and crumpled in a corner of the arbor . ” could open his <unk> he had noticed where the jailer placed his bread or the <unk> he had glanced towards the corner where the straw was , the jailer disappeared , taking with him the lamp and closing the door , leaving stamped upon the prisoner ’ s mind the dim reflection of the dripping walls of his dungeon . not have stopped our fiery young man if the	45.52463150024414
host had not reflected that the <unk> which his guest made was perfectly just . said the abbé , “ i now see how wrong such an opinion would have been . the cardinal , “ if milady de winter has committed the crimes you lay to her charge , she shall be punished . ” , they saw the poor lad lying senseless , with his head split by a blow with a <unk> . said the king to aramis , “ do not take it so to heart . raoul , “ the louvre is but the second palace this news has reached ; it is as yet unknown to all , and i had sworn to the count de guiche to remit this letter to	43.33354568481445
your majesty before even i should embrace my guardian . ” , morrel did not utter a complaint , or say one harsh word . the country where she lived . ” & french is the only one who , from humanity , or , it may be , <unk> is not for me to read men ’ s <unk> had any pity for me . see me dead , but they would not like themselves to die with me . ’ ! ” ” cried he in a hoarse voice , “ come here ! ” they will ; besides , how will they know that we are doing it ? ” ? ” he asked with his flattering manner ; “ that monsieur de beaufort had	26.343507766723633
escaped , were you not ? ” enemies may arrive at any minute . ” remember him . ” the theme of conversation between luigi and teresa . said d ’ artagnan , “ monsieur de vallon is like me , he prefers service <unk> is to say , enterprises that are considered mad and impossible . ” jerk , recognized me , and pointed to the man in the mask . my not being conversant with the slang of the bank , which is here <unk> in my ears from morning to night ; that noise of jingling crowns , which are constantly being counted and <unk> , is odious to me . you , so i am going to tell you where he is . ”	42.80806350708008
o ’ clock , ” replied d ’ artagnan . invitations meant ; since <unk> , so eminently <unk> , had made progress in rome , it was no longer a <unk> who came from the tyrant with a message , ‘ cæsar wills that you die. ’ but it was a <unk> _à <unk> , who came with a smile on his lips to say from the pope , ‘ his holiness requests you to dine with him . ’ in a convent ? ” replied porthos . our plan , sir , ” replied the young man . , as i told you . ; pardon me . ” narrow ; a stretch of smooth turf extended down the middle , and at the corners were	38.99586868286133
clumps of trees with thick and massy foliage , that made a background for the shrubs and flowers . to that beautiful hand , and then rising , said , “ within six months , if i am not dead , i shall have seen you again , <unk> if i have to overturn the world. ” and faithful to the promise he had made , he rushed out of the apartment . to his orders , tapped at the window of the porter ’ s lodge , saying : with anger , rushed from the hall sword in hand , followed by six <unk> , pushing , inquiring and panting in the crowd ; and then , having found nothing , returned . ” said lord de	34.919593811035156
winter , when the three friends had been named , “ we do not know who you are . ” said the young man ; “ oh , no , indeed , the count will do me the justice to assert that i have , on the contrary , always entreated him to break off my engagement , and happily it is ended . in a tumult , but even criminals have rarely been insulted during trial . ? ” way . of the cupboards in valentine ’ s room , which had been transformed into a medicine closet , and taking from its silver case a small bottle of <unk> acid , dropped a little of it into the liquor , which immediately changed to a <unk>	36.359771728515625
color . income is about 50,000 francs per annum ; and he will give me , perhaps , ten or twelve thousand when i marry . ” longer , she arose and left the room ; saying she would go and make some inquiries into the cause of his sudden disappearance . albert , blushing . to the duke . ” bits of paper ? ” ” our position is an awkward one ; but let us go in and see more clearly what is to be done . ” ravaillac or of jacques clément ever known ? ” and pointed the way to porthos and aramis , who bore their comrade in their arms . enough at the catalans , but napoleon returned , a special <unk>	38.7360954284668
was made , and fernand was compelled to join . and searched the dwelling , but in vain . will . ” at the louvre ; as he entered the wicket of l ’ echelle , ten o ’ clock struck . two gendarmes gently pushed him forward , and the door closed with a loud sound behind him . de la fere the question . ” replied raoul , “ her fall is a very serious one , and without any ostensible injury , the physician fears she will be lame for life . ” whom the last circumstance was mentioned as a fact , declared he had seen the quarries in question , which gave great weight to assertions hitherto somewhat doubtful , but which now	42.62948226928711
assumed the garb of reality . d ’ artagnan : “ in this direction i am <unk> ” he pressed aramis ’ s hand and went in search of porthos . us , you will have a king without a minister , whom you may serve , love , respect . on his manuscript , his cheek upon his hand , and looked intently at the young man for a moment . horse giving way under him and with his wonderful agility threw himself to one side . valentine , do not be alarmed ; though you suffer ; though you lose sight , hearing , consciousness , fear nothing ; though you should awake and be ignorant where you are , still do not fear ; even	47.45960998535156
though you should find yourself in a sepulchral vault or coffin . door . both here , and can make your farewells in person . ” ” i have always had a great taste for archæology . ” message from the prince de condé ; he went to meet him at saint cloud and has not returned . ” ; she is a woman to return you the like , and not to fail . ” how could you , hearing us so often speak of our unknown benefactor , seeing us pay such homage of gratitude and adoration to his memory , —how could you continue so long without discovering yourself to us ? of soup into it , together with the <unk> thrice a week the	61.33023452758789
prisoners were deprived of meat . ground , her head resting on the knees of a man , who was seated by her ; as he raised his head , the woman ’ s face became visible . la ramee ? am saying , ” continued the marchioness ; “ i must hurry you , so that , as she has no mother , she may at least have a grandmother to bless her marriage . the door the coadjutor knocked . estrées ’ s pavilion ? hands three times . continued my father , still frowning , ‘ their idolized emperor treated these madmen as they deserved ; he called them ‘ food for cannon , ’ which was precisely all they were good for ; and	66.82166290283203
i am delighted to see that the present government have adopted this salutary principle with all its <unk> vigor ; if algiers were good for nothing but to furnish the means of carrying so admirable an idea into practice , it would be an acquisition well worthy of struggling to obtain . account , surely , ” replied monte cristo ; “ for a man is above that sort of thing ? ” ” replied henrietta , “ the queen will not say yes when the cardinal says no . in the general terms of use part of this license , apply to copying and distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the project gutenberg™ concept and trademark . it were that ! he left her at the	47.56281280517578
moment he was about to become her husband . would have been deceived . ” you , however , to the siege of la rochelle , ” said d ’ artagnan . name of an estate , or , rather , of a rock , and not a family name . ” besides you for that , my fine king ’ s <unk> ! to you about a thousand things ; but , first tell me , were you going out or just returned ? ” monsieur the chevalier , ” replied kitty , emboldened by the kiss in the first place , and still further by the expression of the eyes of the young man , “ is that in love , everyone for herself ! ”	22.077667236328125
and then to go to paris . ” commission , word for word , my lord . ” at twenty , with a hundred louis pay , and a share in the profits ! axe , ” said the king , and resumed his speech . of <unk> and <unk> to be discussed and set to rights . ” cardinal , with respect to this little <unk> ” be a true prophet ! ” said d ’ artagnan , laughing . comminges , “ it seems that it is impossible . ” affair was <unk> he had to adjust matters for m. de bassompierre , who was <unk> with the duc d ’ angoulême . , of all my countrymen , survived that dreadful war . ” said	24.659677505493164
athos . way for ten minutes . rue <unk> were then , owing to their vicinity to the ramparts , less frequented than any others in that direction , for the town was <unk> inhabited <unk> . ” on the chimney-piece , exhausting the last drops of oil which floated on the surface of the water . ? ” them that you have full confidence in me , and they will not be more incredulous than you . ” monsieur . to refuse to dine with him . ” to make a little excursion with the king to saint germain . ” was at <unk> , count , is the old sailor you saw in the garden , and who , from quartermaster , has become <unk> ,	29.8095645904541
when he was at trieste , saw on the quay an englishman , who was on the point of embarking on board a yacht , and he recognized him as the person who called on my father the fifth of june , 1829 , and who wrote me this letter on the fifth of september . <unk> below , is of the same title as ebook 2681 and its contents <unk> those of two other volumes : it includes all the chapters of ebook 2609 and the first 28 chapters of 2681 ] you 45,000 , ’ said he , ‘ but not a sou more ; besides , as that is the exact value of the stone , i brought just that sum with me . ’	72.72782897949219
said , “ are you in pain ? ” , and a sacred command . ” come into possession of two horses , but i have lost my own . said château-renaud , passing his arms through the young captain ’ s ; “ are you a friend of villefort ’ s ? dreams with the immensity of the ocean , he came , his horse going at a foot ’ s pace , to a hill from the top of which he perceived behind a hedge , reclining on the sand and catching in its passage one of those rays of the sun so rare at this period of the year , seven men surrounded by empty bottles . as elsewhere , stone , and in a	32.27149963378906
small court before it were two small beds full of beautiful flowers . out at the hotel rambouillet ; it would ruin me , ” replied the abbé . a brave fellow , ” said athos , pressing the young man ’ s hand . louis , i ’ faith , ” said aramis , emptying the purse on the table , all bearing the effigy of louis xiii . he says all this , ” muttered beauchamp ; “ decidedly he is a great man . ” remained behind ; but at the moment when buckingham crossed the threshold , he turned round , and seeing the hesitation of the young man , “ come in ! ” cried he , “ and if you have the	21.099138259887695
good fortune to be admitted to her majesty ’ s presence , tell her what you have seen . ” at once ? ” ” said the count , bowing . my suspicions were directed towards an angel , —those suspicions which , even when there is no crime , are always alive in my heart ; but after the death of valentine , there has been no doubt in my mind , madame , and not only in mine , but in those of others ; thus your crime , known by two persons , suspected by many , will soon become public , and , as i told you just now , you no longer speak to the husband , but to the judge . ”	30.53382682800293
. then , turning to monte cristo , said , “ m . him in that language ? ” has been so with other <unk> , for instance , who was not half so bad as napoleon , had his partisans and advocates . ” is , ” replied monte cristo . d ’ artagnan . king ’ s left and as i am the chief person threatened , remain at the coach door to the left . ” gave some orders in a low voice to one of the horsemen . <unk> and <unk> . summoned to await her coming ? ” trying to leave england and will search for us at the ports ; meanwhile we shall reach london with the king . , the half	27.988035202026367
that was <unk> understand ; it was exquisite , sir . chapter lvii . resource . quite the <unk> of the ladies , monsieur porthos ! ” resumed the procurator ’ s wife , with a sigh . upon the stranger , and perceived a man of from forty to forty-five years of age , with black and piercing eyes , pale complexion , a strongly marked nose , and a black and <unk> mustache .	14.735751152038574
Average perplexity: 59.2249753658714
